                                        Senior Center                                        
                                        Voting                                        
                                        Other Boards and Commissions                                        
 
                                        MS4 Information                                        
Luzerne County Convention and Visitors Bureau   •   Luzerne County Bureau of Elections
your request.
                                        Fingerprinting                                        
                                        Department History                                        
                                        Agendas                                        
                                        Contact                                        
                                        Building/Code Enforcement                                        
Internal Server Error
Butler Township Draft Pollutant Reduction Plan (May 12, 2020)19.41 MB
                                        Government                                        
Contact Butler Township Office: 570-788-3547Police (non-emergency): 570-788-4111
                                        Education                                        
                                        Meeting Information & Dates                                        

 webmaster@butlertownship.org to inform them of the time this error occurred,
MS4 Information | news
Septic Smart Homeowners Guide2.89 MB
 and the actions you performed just before this error.
As required by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection’s (PA DEP’s) National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Individual Permit for Stormwater Discharges from Small Municipal Separate Storm Sewer Systems (MS4) Renewal Application, Butler Township has prepared and must implement a Pollutant Reduction Plan (PRP) for the Storm Sewershed of the Urbanized Area of Butler Township. The purpose of the PRP is to select Water Quality Stormwater Management Best Management Practices (BMPs) to be constructed within the Township to achieve a minimum 10% reduction of Sediment, a minimum 5% reduction of Total Phosphorus and a minimum 3% reduction of Total Nitrogen Pollutant Loads in pounds per year during a five (5) year time period.
                                        Services Overview                                        
                                        Police                                        
                                        Sewage Enforcement                                        
The proposed PRP developed by Butler Township can be viewed at the Butler Township Municipal Building located at 83 Corporate Drive in Butler Township, Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. or by accessing the Butler Township Website at www.butlertownship.org. Written comments shall be accepted by Butler Township for thirty (30) days from the date of this Public Notice. A copy of the written comments will be attached to the Final PRP submitted to the PA DEP by Butler Township. Furthermore, Butler Township shall accept and make a record of any oral comments received at any public meeting or public hearing held by Butler Township during the thirty (30) day public comment period. All public comments, whether received orally at a public meeting, or written, will be considered in the Township’s Final PRP submitted to the PA DEP.
Butler Township Pollutant Reduction Plan - Public Notice
Additional Documentation
                                        Minutes                                        
Stormwater Best Practices Guide720.18 KB
Additionally, a 500 Internal Server Error
 
Useful Links
                                        Tax Collector                                        
                                        Community Center                                        
Proper Landscaping On and Around Your Septic System561.06 KB
                                        Recreation Overview                                        
                                        Luzerne County Municipal Directory                                        
                                        Recreation Events                                        
                                        Public Notices                                        
													MS4 Information											
Website developed by Precision Design
                                        Little Free Library                                        
More information about this error may be available
                                        Special Services                                        
                                        Obtaining Reports                                        
                                        PA House Representative                                        
                                        Board                                        
                                        Zoning                                        
                                        Home                                        
How to Make a Rain Barrel862.08 KB
in the server error log.
                                        House Numbering                                        
Please contact the server administrator at 
The official website of Butler Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania 83 Corporate Drive, Drums, PA 18222 Call 570-788-3547 - Email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
                                        Supervisors                                        
error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.
500 Internal Server Error
                                        PA Senator                                        
                                        Economic Development                                        
                                        About Us                                        
                                        Fire/Ambulance                                        
                                        Services                                        
                                        Hours and Directions                                        
                                        Planning                                        
                                        Recreation                                        
Luzerne County, PA, official website   •   Greater Hazleton Chamber of Commerce   •   CAN DO, Greater Hazleton's economic development agency
                                        Pay Bill Online                                        
                                        Employment                                        
                                        Roads                                        
Search
                                        Events                                        
                                        Wastewater Treatment                                        
                                        Township Engineer                                        
The server encountered an internal error or
                                        Staff                                        
                                        Victim/Witness Information                                        
                                        Parks and Programs                                        
                                        Budget and Taxes                                        
                                        Government Overview                                        
                                        Right to Know Law                                        
                                        Downloads                                        
                                        News                                        
Main Menu
misconfiguration and was unable to complete
                                        History                                        
About UsGovernmentServicesRecreationDownloadsNewsMS4 InformationPublic NoticesEventsContactHome 
