	Tony M. Sanders – Road Crew
7pm - fourth Wednesday of each month
Planning Commission
Deborah A. Kammerer , Vice Chair
2022 Appointment of Officers – Chair and Secretary
NOTICE – Bridge Replacement SR 0394 (Shriver’s Corner Road)
Any affected Municipality and any landowners who own land which is within, adjacent to, or near the area proposed to be added or continued in the agricultural security area may propose changes to the agricultural security area within 30 days of the date this notice is published. Such proposed changes must be submitted to the Straban Township Supervisors, the County and Township Planning Commissions, and the Township Agricultural Security Area Advisory Committee at the Straban Township Municipal Office on or before August 15, 2018.
View Older Entries
 
Auditors Reorganizational Meeting – January 4, 2023
Dan Wilkinson
Office Manager/Secretary-Treasurer
Straban Township Sewage Enforcement Officer (SEO)
Ronald C. Milhimes
Board of Supervisors
Fred E. Kammerer Vice Chairman
717-334-4833 (T)
StrabanTownship.com
Monday, April 17, 2023 12-3pm
Employees of your waste and recycling collector are on the front line in this pandemic, let’s do our part to help keep everyone safe – bag your waste and recycle right Adams County!
Cumberland Township Municipal Building, 1370 Fairfield Road, Gettysburg
Alan N. Zepp Member
John Colgan, Treasurer
Mailing Address
Many municipalities in Adams County contract waste and recycling services on behalf of their residents. In light of Covid-19 concerns it is important to point out a very important requirement of these waste collection contracts, and that is the provision contained in the contracts that all loose refuse must be bagged. This provision also pertains to waste placed in wheeled toters – it also must be bagged.
Recreation Survey
Recreation Board
Tuesday, April 18, 2023 12-3pm
Wednesday, April 26, 2023 3-6pm
Overview This position is appointed annually by the Board of Supervisors.  This person assists the Secretary with every day office duties.
1745 Granite Station Road, Gettysburg, PA 17325
Last
A copy of the Draft Plan is available for review at the Straban Township Office at 1745 Granite Station Road, Gettysburg and the Adams County Office of Planning and Development at 670 Old Harrisburg Road, Suite 100, Gettysburg during regular business hours.
Public Notices
Meeting Dates
Overview  Appointed by the Board of Supervisors, the Planning Commission consists of five township residents who each serve a four-year term. Among many functions, they are responsible for the preparation and updates to the comprehensive plan. They also make recommendations to the board concerning land use and land development throughout the Township.
Assistant Secretary
Kenneth Stevens
Mark L. Widerman
Download the List of Registered Pumpers.
The aforementioned proposal and ASA description are currently on file and available for public inspection at the Straban Township Municipal Office, 1745 Granite Station Road, Gettysburg, PA 17325 between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Monday – Thursday.
Jim Hoffman

1. Emergency Services Center                  3. Adams Rescue Mission      5. Peebles Shopping Ctr.
Abbottstown Rec Park, 241 High Street, Abbottstown
Overview This position is appointed annually by the Board of Supervisors. The Building Code Official issues Building Permits in compliance with the Uniform Construction Code.
Tax Collector
Keller Engineering (Wm. F. Hill & Associates, Inc.)
Δ
717-309-1909
Auditors
Agricultural Security Area – Notice
Robert Y. Stephens
2023 Appointment of Officers – Chair and Secretary
Vacant
James A. Dunlop, Secretary
2022 Disclosure Statement of Pennsylvania Municipalities Pension Trust
As Needed
7pm - first Monday of each month
Auditor Reorganizational Meeting – January 4, 2022
Shannon Schake
Jonathan Taylor, Chair
Working Supervisor – (snow plowing or office personnel)
Dean Shultz – (717) 334-4016
Both events are open to constituents of these four municipalities as
 
Tony M. Sanders – Road Crew
Saturday, September 16, 2023, from 8-10 a.m.
The Townships of Cumberland and Straban and the Boroughs of Abbottstown and East Berlin will hold the 2023 E-cycling Collection Events as follows:
Disclosure Statement.2022
The Straban Township Board of Supervisors intends to adopt the draft Central Adams Joint Comprehensive Plan during its regular meeting on Monday, April 1, 2019 commencing at 7:00 p.m. at the Straban Township Office at 1745 Granite Station road in Straban Township.
Copies of the Draft Plan may be purchased, in its entirety or in part, at the cost of reproduction from the Adams County Office of Planning and Development.  A complete copy of the Draft Plan may be downloaded from the Adams County website, www.adamscounty.us.
George Mauser, Vice Chair
Peter Sontheimer, Chair
2023.RecyclingBrochure – no note
David G. Gulden, Member
Welcome
This announcement will hereby serve to notify the citizens of Straban Township, Adams County, that the Straban Township Board of Supervisors received a proposal for an addition to the Straban Township Agricultural Security Area and will conduct a 7-year review of Agricultural Security Areas within Straban Township, pursuant to the Agricultural Area Security Law, Act 43 of 1981.
All Township Landowners are required to have their onsite septic systems pumped and inspected every three years. Please see the most recent letter sent to District #2 properties that are to be pumped in 2022. A list of registered pumper/haulers is also included. If you have further questions contact the Township office.
Tony M. Sanders Chairman
Forms, Fees, and Maps
First
Township Officers
Burt Coulter, Secretary
Overview Appointed by the Board of Supervisors, the Recreation Board consists of five members. Each member serves for a term of five years. The purpose of the Board is to oversee the Recreation Park activities and recommend to the Supervisors possible improvements and expenses. The location of the 13.8 ac. Township park is on Smith Road just off of Route 30.
Overview  This position is appointed annually by the Board of Supervisors. The Code Enforcement Officer issues driveway and building permits for new construction and/or remodeling. He regularly surveys township properties and issues citations and notices, collects fees, and keep records of all building activity to report to the Board of Supervisors.
Marcella J. Kammerer, Chair
PA Municipal Code Alliance, Inc.
Home
Chad Waddell, Secretary
office@strabantownship.com
Overview  The Township Auditors, each elected for a six-year term, are responsible to review the audits of the Township books. They also set the pay rate and benefits for supervisors who perform road-related duties.
Engineer
7pm - third Monday of every other month
Overview This position is appointed annually by the Board of Supervisors.  This position has the responsibility to oversee all administrative functions of the Township. This person is responsible for carrying out the policies of the Board of Supervisors and for maintaining all Township financial records.  The Secretary serves as a secretary of the Township. Duties include preparing agendas, keeping minutes, and preparing official records of the township codes.
Township History
Frequently Asked Questions
**E-cycling Events for 2023**
Download the Dist. #2 Letter.
Overview  The Road Department is located at the Township maintenance building on Granite Station Road. The Department comprises of four full-time employees and a floater. They maintain approximately 46 miles of township roads.
Email*
Joint Comprehensive Plan Public Hearing – March 25, 2019
Assistant Solicitor
Mileage Rate for 2022 per IRS – 58.5 cents per mile
Overview The Tax Collector, is an elected position, that has the responsibility to collect the County, Township and School Real Estate Taxes and remits the monies directly to each taxing body. Address of Tax Collector is: 180 Goldenville Road, Gettysburg PA 17325 Phone: 717-309-1909
Persons who have questions concerning the Public Hearing may contact the Adams County Office of Planning and Development at 717-337-9824.
ALL MEETINGS ARE HELD AT THE MUNICIPAL BUILDING
Overview   The governing body of Straban Township is made up of three elected supervisors. These supervisors are elected from the Township, at large, to six-year terms. The Board is vested with the executive and legislative powers of the Township.
Approval of Minutes from the January 4, 2022 meeting
	Working Supervisor – (snow plowing or office personnel)
Briana A. White
Planning Commission Activity
Vacant, Member
Lawrence E. Wilkinson
Wednesday, April 19, 2023 3-6pm
General Code Book
Code Enforcement Officer/Zoning Officer
Mike Flaherty, Member
717-334-0061 (F)
Notice to Residents – Waste Collections
Solicitor
Upon expiration of the aforementioned 30-day period, the proposed addition, the existing Agricultural Security Area and any proposed changes will be submitted to the Straban Township Planning Commission, the Adams County Planning Commission, and the Straban Township Agricultural Security Area Advisory Committee for review and recommendation. Thereafter, a public hearing will be held by the Township Supervisors to consider the addition proposal, continuation/proposed modifications and recommendations of the Planning Commissions and the Agricultural Security Area Advisory Committee.
Straban Township, in conjunction with PennDOT District 8-0, will present a plans display for the bridge replacement of SR 0394 (Shriver’s Corner Road) Section 009. The project replaces the existing single span steel beam bridge with a 39′-6″ span pre-stressed concrete, spread box beam bridge. Approximately 250 feet of roadway reconstruction/resurfacing along SR 0394 and 100′ of road resurfacing along Goldenville Road is included in the project. A 10.4-mile long detour route will be used during construction and utilize SR 3001, SR 0234, and SR 034. A display of engineering plans, including the proposed detour, will be available for review at the Straban Township Municipal Building from July 20th through August 21st during normal business hours.
NOTICE SEPTIC PUMPING/INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS
Mileage Rate for 2023 per IRS – 65.5 cents per mile
Approval of Minutes from the January 5, 2021 meeting
Contact Information
Supervisors
John Mark Egloff, Jr.  Alternate
Agricultural Security Area Advisory Commission
Name
Recreation Park & Board
PhoneYour Message*
Zoning Hearing Board
If you have a need that we at Straban Township can help you with, please fill out the form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
The Straban Township Board of Supervisors will hold a public hearing on March 25, 2019 to accept verbal and written comment regarding the draft Central Adams Joint Comprehensive Plan.  The public hearing will be held at the Straban Township Municipal Building, 1745 Granite Station Road, Gettysburg, PA 17325.  The public hearing will commence at 6:00 p.m.
Road Department
Tony M. Sanders
© 2023 StrabanTownship.com. All rights reserved.
John Hartzell, Chair
Download the Dist. #3 Letter.
NOTICE-Septic Pumping/Inspection Requirement
NOTICE SEPTIC PUMPING/INSPECTION REQUIREMENT
As for the preparation of recyclable items, they may be placed loosely in recycling containers. Make sure they are clean and only place the items in your recycling containers that are specified by your hauler. If you don’t have the list, check your haulers website or call them and inquire. If you place items in your recycling that are not accepted by your hauler (think yard waste) your recycling may not be picked up. Please remember that recycling supports various businesses that make essential items (think toilet paper, paper towels, plastic drink container, etc.).
Tuesday, April 25, 2023 12-3pm
Fred E. Kammerer, Chair
Saturday, April 22, 2023, from 8-10 a.m.
Building Code Official
Monday, April 24, 2023 12-3pm
Overview  Appointed by the Board of Supervisors, the Zoning Hearing Board is made up of three township residents, each serving a three-year term. The primary purpose of the Board is to help assure fair, equitable application and administration of the Zoning Ordinance. The Zoning Hearing Board has jurisdiction to hear and decide the following, but is not limited to: Application for Variances, Applications for Special Exceptions, Procedural Challenges to the Ordinance, and Appeals from the Determination of the Zoning Officer.
Samuel E. Wiser
Dawn Harvey
Mark A.Walde  Road Foreman
Filing of the treasurer’s bond with the board of auditors
Jane L. Lordeman, Vice Chair
Robin K. Crushong
All Township Landowners are required to have their onsite septic systems pumped and inspected every three years. Please see the most recent letter sent to District #3 properties that are to be pumped in 2023. A list of registered pumper/haulers is also included. If you have further questions contact the Township office.
Calendar of Meetings
Contact Us
If special assistance is needed to enable the review of the plans by individuals with a disability, please contact PennDOT’s Project Manager, Dan Rocuskie at 717-705-6181 in advance of the visit to allow time to arrange for the required accommodations.
Adjournment
Setting Compensation of Working Supervisors –
Tax Collector Office Hours
receipt of your Waste Connections bill.
A copy of this notice is posted at the following public places:
Tax Collector Information
All electronic devices are accepted with Photo ID and a
2. Straban Township Recreation Park     4. Straban Township Municipal Building
If any person with a disability wishes to request that special accommodations be made to allow their participation, they are asked to contact Robin Crushong at least one business day in advance.
part of their paid solid waste collection service.
