rental1
Taxes
Planning Commission
Rental Information
Planning, Zoning, & Land Development
Zumba
2418 Hilltop Road
Summer Basketball Camp
Christmas Eve
rental2
Forms
Facility Room
      MENU    
Visit a Park
"*" indicates required fields
New Residents
Monday – Friday
Upcoming Events
Multi-Purpose Room
Agendas & Minutes
Public Works
© 2023 Collier Township All Rights Reserved 
412-279-2525
Search for:Search Button412.279.2525
TownshipAbout Collier Township
Employment Opportunities
Good Friday
Sewer Department
Civil Service Commission
Community Calendar
Friends of Collier Parks
The Collier Township Community Center has many rooms available to rent for all occasions. For your next meeting or a family celebration we have a room for you! Tables and chairs are included in your rent. Food and refreshments are permitted; however, alcohol permit is additional. Setup and cleanup MUST be included in your rental time.
For Every Occasion
Translate »
Alcohol consumption is confined to the rental space ONLY.

What Makes Collier Township Special
EMS & Fire Services
GovernmentAgendas & Minutes
Phone*Department*DepartmentParks & RecPublic WorksBuilding & PlanningCode EnforcementSewerPoliceBrief Message*
DepartmentsAdministration
        Learn More
    Parks & Recreation
Kids Club Summer Blast
    Rental Information | Collier Township
Washington Pike (SR 50)
Foundational design crafted with True Fit Marketing
Contact
We have tables and chairs available for any room except the fitness room and gym.
Pizzas
Collier Township Municipal Center
Parks & Recreation Board
New Year’s Day
rental4
Trainings
Chess Camp
MS4 – Municipal Separate Storm Sewer System
Budgets
    Contact Us
Facility Rentals require a $100 security deposit in CHECK FORM ONLY
All reservations must be done in person at the Collier Community Center.
Retirement Party
Live Well Collier
 
About Collier Township
Start by creating an account
6:00am – 9:00pm
Ordinances
    Collier Township
    Codes & Ordinances
Memorial Day Ceremony
Summer Basketball League
Catalog
MS4 – Municipal Separate Storm Sewer Systems
724-693-0780
8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
Yoga Flow
Musical Theater Camp
Party Room
Business Meetings
    Contact | Collier Township
Collier Township, PA 15142
Birthday Party Package
Suite 100
Police Department
Home
History
Government
8:00am – 8:00pm
    Welcome to Collier Township
2 Hour Room Rental
Friends of Parks & Recreation Board of Trustees
Parks & RecreationCommunity Center Membership Information
CollierFest
Chairs and Tables
Read More
Price includes use of multi-purpose room and four pizzas.
Garbage/Recycling
Proud home of our nation’s Flag Day holiday, our community – Collier Township – was founded in June of 1875. In our second century, the Township of Collier prides itself in being one of the region’s best communities to live, work and raise a family.
Community Center Members can rent 6 months to the day ahead of party and Non-Members can rent 4 months to the day ahead of party.
1 Hour gym
Independence Day
Christmas Day
Pittsburgh Bus Trip
Solarize Collier
Our community covers a land area of 14.2 square miles and has a population of 7,817 residents. Collier Township is a community that has practiced good planning and open government. Through its dedicated public officials and well-trained staff Collier is a community that is solvent and rich with community spirit and history.
Boy/Girl Scout Meetings
Kids Summer Camp
Departments
    Police Dept
For reservations & more information, please email Nichole at ngiroski@colliertwp.net .
Neighborhoods
Program Registration
Administration
    The Township of Collier prides itself in being one of the region’s best communities in which to live, work and raise a family.
Township
Traffic Counting on Municipal Owned Roads by PA Dept. of Transportation
Any questions please call
    Community Center Membership Information | Collier Township
Policies and Guidelines
Zoning Hearing Board
Select your desired membership
The renter is the “party host.” The RENTER MUST be present during the event. They will be the liaison between the staff and the party.
Community News
Payment for rentals is only accepted from the renter. No holds and payment MUST be made in full to reserve the space you want.
    Agendas & Minutes
FAQ
Facility Request FormPavilion Request FormField Request FormBirthday Party FormDek Hockey Rental FormEntertainment Agreement FormInstructor Contract Form
Parks & Recreation
    New Residents
  
Collier Historical Society
Community Center Membership Information
Complete your online Membership
Elected Officials
Rental Hours
Baby/Bridal Showers
    Community Calendar
Memorial Day
Closed the following holidays:
First Name* Last Name* Email*
Complete Payment
Saturday & Sunday
    Community Center Membership Information
Anniversary
Birthday Celebration
Setup and cleanup will be completed by the renter and the time to do so will need to be included in your total paid rental time.
Facility Details
Labor Day
Building and Codes
Parks and Recreation
Emergency Management
rental3
Open Gym Schedule
Thanksgiving Day
Boards & Commissions
Board of Commissioners
Upcoming Events/Programs
Comprehensive Plan
Phone
    Facility Rental Information
    Permits & Forms
Hours
Located six miles southwest of Pittsburgh, in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, Collier is readily accessible, having its own exit from Interstate 79. Close proximity to the City of Pittsburgh enhances Collier Township’s quality of life. Residents take advantage of the cultural, business and higher education opportunities of a larger city, while also enjoying Collier’s excellent public safety, many convenient shopping districts, well-maintained recreational facilities, and top-notch schools.
