German
Chief Jonathan Wharton412-833-1113
Telugu
Community
Benefits & Safety
Department of Planning and Community Development
Street Maintenance
                  Official Bid Notice - Volunteer Fire Department - Station 1 - Re-Roofing Work
Planning Commission
Community Development
      
so that the front of the mailbox is even with the back of the curb, edge of pavement or edge of paved berm, and the base of the support shall be at least 1 and 1/2 feet from the back of the curb, edge of pavement or edge of paved berm. Support assemblies shall not interfere with drainage facilities or sidewalks
 Facebook
Latvian
Bid Information
          
USC School District
1820 McLaughlin Run RoadUpper St. Clair, Pennsylvania 15241
Trash & Recycling
Building & Fire Codes Appeals and Advisory Board
Mark Mansfield412-831-9000, ext. 2190
View Township Code and Fees
Choose a Department
Assistant Township Manager
Related Pages
Township Staff
Accessibility
French
Past Issues
Sanitary Sewers & Dye Tests
Thai
Czech
New Residents
Webmaster
Japanese
Urdu
Swahili
Upper St. Clair
Does the Township have a grass ordinance?
Name*
Police
News
twitter township data
Yoruba
Advertisers
Tamil
this page
Public Works
What are the requirements for the installation of a new mailbox or replacement of an existing mailbox?
                  9:00
Welcome to Upper St. Clair Township
                  AM
Belarusian
Matthew R. Serakowski412-831-9000, ext. 2160
 Closing Date/Time
Civil Service Board
                  
Solicitations
Trash/Recycling
Playing Fields Work Group
Chapter 80 of the Code  addresses junk and states that it is unlawful for any person to place or leave on any property in the Township any old scrapped or used appliances, fixtures, automobile parts, machinery or similar materials or discarded, unused or unusable materials which are unsightly. This includes unlicensed vehicles. An inspector will check the property and determine if the property is in compliance.
in front of and on the same side of the street as your residence
Township Code
Twitter
Photo Gallery
Youth Steering Committee
Icelandic
Township Code Chapter 112, Article XIInstall mailboxes:
Galician

Macedonian
                  April 26, 2023
USC Cable TV
What Can We Help You With Today?
Norwegian
Home   Government   Township Staff
I got a notice that my house numbers aren't in the correct place. What does the Code require?
Business
 412-831-9000, ext. 5010
About Us
My neighbor has all kinds of junk stored on the side of his house. Is this allowed?
Demographics & Distribution
Maori
Yiddish
Community Day
Maltese
Dutch
 412-854-0773
Igbo
Find Where to Vote
Cebuano
Home   Departments   Community Development   Code Enforcement
<a href="http://www.twpusc.org/">Your Link Name</a>
Danish
Hindi
<a href="http://www.twpusc.org/how_do_i/contact_us.php">Your Link Name</a>
Basque
      go to calendar
Turkish
go to calendar
Javanese
Sidewalks & Traffic Calming
Legal Notices
Employment
Tax Office
Tax & Sewer Billing Collections
Armenian
 Twitter
 
Tri-Community South EMS
Brush, grass and weeds are addressed in Chapter 48 of the Code. Generally, grass is to be maintained at six inches or less between the months of April and October. Shrubbery and other growth which may cause sight distance hazards are also prohibited. 
Polling Places
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of 
Hebrew
Zulu
Flood Services
								
Popular Links
Chamber Of Commerce
Director of Planning and Community Development
Gujarati
412-831-9000
Portuguese
to meet the minimum requirements of the U.S. Postal Service
Adam Benigni412-831-9000, ext. 5010
Finnish
Director of Finance
<a href="http://www.twpusc.org/government/township_staff.php">Your Link Name</a>
Building Permits
English
In order for fire department, paramedic and police departments to find you during an emergency, the Township Code requires that house numbers be visible from the street and be Arabic numerals at least 4 inches high, clearly identifiable from the background on which they are mounted and in close proximity to the door facing the street. Supplemental numbers on mailboxes and the curb as well as script identification are permitted, however they cannot be substituted for numerals in proximity to the door facing the street. When a building is not visible from the street, the numbers should be placed on another part of the residence, clearly visible from the street, or in an alternate manner approved by the Township (Chapter 104 of the Township Code).
Estonian
Nepali
The Township of Upper St. Clair
Upper St. Clair Township
Share this page
Croatian
Building Inspection and Permitting
Share this page on your favorite Social network
Building & Fire Codes Appeals & Advisory Board
		  
              	  
Phone*
Chinese (Simplified)
Albanian
Hausa
Apply for a Building Permit
Community & Recreation Center
 Opening Date/Time
Skip to main content
Building Permit Applications
Director of the Upper St. Clair Library
Kannada
Site Links
Serbian
Welsh
Recreation and Leisure Services
Government
The definition of a recreational vehicle is "a single-axle or multiple-axle non-self-propelled structure mounted on wheels or otherwise capable of being made mobile, and other types of vehicles, including but not limited to travel trailers, mobile homes, motor homes, tent trailers, boats, and boat trailers and horse trailers, and self-propelled motor homes, or campers; used for any purpose (for example commercial, residential, recreational); but not including a municipal or governmental purpose."The Township Code [Chapter 102] allows for parking of a recreational vehicle on a residential property for a period not to exceed ninety-six (96) hours. Beyond that, RVs should be stored in a garage or completely enclosed structure.It is suggested that if you are considering purchasing an RV, you find off site storage if you cannot accommodate storage on your property as required by the  Code.
            The Township of Upper St. Clair is a 10.5 square-mile community located 10 miles southwest of Pittsburgh, PA.
Find Code Enforcement Information
Find Trash & Recycling Info
Polish
Procurement Procedures: Excerpt from Chapter 25 of the Code of the Township re. Bidding
Financial Reports
Welcome to Upper St. Clair
Azerbaijani
Malay
Filipino
Copy and paste this code into your website.
USC Cable
upcoming events/meetings
Email
Director of Public Works
Slovak
Storm Sewers & Stormwater Management
Lithuanian
Marathi
USC TODAY Magazine
Tax & Sewage
Email*
on a semiarch or extended arm-type of support assembly, which, if struck will bend or fall away from the striking vehicle instead of severely damaging the vehicle and injuring its occupants
      May 2, 2023
Parks & Recreation Advisory Board
View Township Code & Fees
USC Notify
Lao
  Code enforcement in Upper St. Clair ensures that the properties in the Township are maintained in a safe and code compliant manner. The Department of Planning and Community Development strives to effectively resolve property maintenance issues while remaining responsive to residents' questions.Upper St. Clair's Code Enforcement Officer is responsible for working with property owners explaining the Township regulations on vegetation growth, storage of materials and recreational vehicles, residence number identification, noise, litter and other related issues.These regulations, as adopted by the Board of Commissioners, are intended to protect the health, safety and welfare of the community and its residents. Click here to view a complete List of All Code Chapters in numerical order.Here are some frequently asked questions relating to code enforcement:
Chinese (Traditional)
Comments*
Paul Besterman412-221-1099, ext. 6560
412-831-9882 (Fax)
Arabic
Edit Form
Slovenian
Departments
read more
Georgian
Recreation Center
Township Commissioners Honor Upper St. Clair Swimmer
Greek
Facebook
Contact Upper St. Clair
We welcome comments and questions!
City*
Afrikaans
Russian
Code Enforcement
Zip*
Laws and Ordinances
Morton Field Complex Renovation Design Moving Forward
Get Fingerprints
Administration
USC NOTIFY/911
Chamber of Commerce
Find Agendas & Minutes
Esperanto
Hungarian
George Kostelich412-831-9000, ext. 2710
Department Divisions
Somali
website accessibility
Township
State*
Punjabi
Zoning Hearing Board
  The Township of Upper St. Clair is a Home Rule Community and operates under the Commissioner/Manager form of government. There are seven elected Commissioners. The Manager, Attorney and Engineer are appointed professionals. The Board of Commissioners meets the first Monday of each month at 7:30 p.m. All are welcome to attend and speak on any subject. Feel free to reach out to Township staff with questions, concerns and comments.
Community Services
Volunteer Fire Department
Korean
      May 11, 2023
Persian
Romanian
Ukrainian
Preferred Contact Method*
Calendar
Plan Outline & Maps
Township Manager
Overnight Parking
 Description
Does the Township have a noise ordinance?
Spanish
Indonesian
Yes, Chapter 89 of the Code addresses noise. However most people really want to know if the Township limits the hours of operation of heavy equipment. Permitted hours of operation for heavy equipment are Monday through Saturday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
  
Chris Gmiter 412-835-5540, ext. 2470
Citizens Police Academy
Elected Officials
Search
Library
go to archives
Vietnamese
Connect With Us
              
Filter:
Bengali
Catalan
Site Map
File a Right-to-Know Request
Bosnian
Child Safety Seat Inspections
NextGen Municipal Building Renovation Project
Bulgarian
Home   How Do I   Contact Us
Mark Romito412-831-9000, ext. 2180
About USC
Director of Recreation & Leisure Services
Applications Fees
Hmong
Annual Budgets & Five-Year Capital Improvement Plans
EmploymentOpportunities
so that the bottom of the box is 3-1/2 feet to 4 feet above the cartway of the road
<a href="http://www.twpusc.org/business/bid_information.php">Your Link Name</a>
Can I park my recreational vehicle on my property?
Contact Us
 Reddit
Home   Business   Bid Information
Khmer
Finance
                  June 06, 2023
Mongolian
We are here to serve our residents. Address: 1820 McLaughlin Run Rd.Upper St. Clair, PA 15241Hours: 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.Phone: 412-831-9000Fax: 412-831-9882Township Manager: Matthew R. SerakowskiPhone: 412-831-9000, ext. 2160
Request Forms
Chief of Police
Animal Control
translate
                  8:00
Boards & Commissions
Board of Commissioners
Irish
How Do I
×
      Posted
Latin
Swedish
Comprehensive Plan
Close
Phone
Italian
Instagram
Address*
Library Board
Haitian Creole
<a href="http://www.twpusc.org/departments/community_development/code_enforcement.php">Your Link Name</a>
