VISITORS 
2007 Operating & Capital Budget
Real Estate Tax   
City Internships
Contact the PPA
MEETINGS/AGENDAS 
What happens if the employee changes job locations during the year or works outside the City?
Controller's Office
Every Operator must secure a license from the Superintendent of the Bureau of Building Inspection. Any provider of Valet Parking Services is required to hold a Valet parking license from the Director of Mobility and Infrastructure. Each license must be renewed annually.
Chinese
DISCOUNTS: Taxpayers may take a 2% discount on either of the following if taxes are paid by February 10th:
Zoning Information
PLI PERMITS 
Engage PGH
Payroll expense, which is the total compensation paid, including salaries, wages, net distributions, commissions, bonuses, stock options and other compensation to all individuals who during any tax year, perform work or render services in whole or in part in the City of Pittsburgh.
PARK SHELTER PERMITS
TAX RATE: $52/year
Pittsburgh, PA
The Subdivision Regulations and Standards of the City Planning Commission govern all consolidations and subdivisions in the City of Pittsburgh.
If an employer does not pay on time, interest and penalties will be added to the amount it owes.
904. AUDIT OF PARKS TRUST FUND
Office of Film & Event Management
Do special rules apply to non-profit charities?
Film & Event Permits
PGH Lab
DEPARTMENT OF CITY PLANNING
WHO IS TAXED? Every person (natural, association, and corporation) that makes, executes, delivers, accepts, or presents for recording a document which represents the transfer of property.
PENSION (POLICE)
Earned Income Tax - (Employer Withholding) is collected by Jordan Tax Service
1913-present budget history
Pittsburgh Code Reference: Ch. 258
Office of Community Health & Safety
OMB Home
City Number Directory | pittsburghpa.gov
TAX DESCRIPTIONS
All gross receipts of an Institution of Purely Public Charity, which has a non-profit sales tax exemption issued by the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue, are not subject to tax.
1994 Salaries Budget
Innovation & Performance
Pay Garage or Lot Lease
Pay Parking Tickets
Women's Suffrage Centennial
What if my employees don’t just work in the City of Pittsburgh?
A Legislative Detail page contains a wealth of information about a specific piece of legislation - sponsors, titles, committee of control, etc. Any attachments to the legislation are available here.
ONLINE APPS 
PPA GoMobile PGH
CITY SCHOOLS 
 Financial Audits
* July 31st for 3rd installment
Facility Reservations
Phone: 412-560-7275
GO
This tax is collected by the provider of the amusement from patrons.  The tax due is 5% of the admission fee charged for attending any amusement in the City of Pittsburgh. An amusement can include any form of entertainment such as concerts, movies, night clubs, conventions, or sporting events.
Hindi
1st quarter due April 30
Volunteering
Park Tax   
Generally, all revenue from services performed within the City limits are subject to tax.  Individual charges for services rendered to a member or nonmember are subject to tax.  Membership fees and charitable contributions are not subject to tax.
City Homepage
DEPARTMENT MENUTaxes Tax Descriptions  Real Estate Tax Certification Letter  Business Tax Compliance Letter  Property Tax Worksheet  Tax Forms  Real Estate Tax Delinquency  New Business Registration  Real Estate Taxes  Real Estate Forms  Tax FAQs Finance Links Pay Real Estate Taxes Online  Taxes  Property Sales  New Business Registration  Finance Permits & Licenses  Debt Obligations Home  Finance Contacts  About Finance  Burgh's Eye View  E-Properties  Waiver and Refund Request  Fee Schedule  Finance Home 
Live Website Traffic
2018 Operating Budget
2004 Operating Budget
Fax: 412-560-7200
PUBLIC SAFETY 
CITY EVENTSReading Series, Meetings, & More...
Armenian
 Twitter
412.255.2654
 
Open Book
2008 Operating & Capital Budget
Commission On Human Relations
Continue
Portuguese
Annual Parking Authority BudgetAnnual Pittsburgh Parking Court BudgetsAudit ReportsBoard MeetingsCustomer SurveyDepartmentsDoing Business with the PPAJob OpeningsPittsburgh Parking CourtRelated LinksReportsSustainability Guidelines
Nepali
902. FUNDING
CITY HALL 
CITIPARKSArt, Sports, Community...
WHAT IS TAXED?
Mail to: City Treasurer ISP Tax, 414 Grant St. STE 224, Pittsburgh, PA 15219-2476
New Business Registration
The employee is supposed to provide the employer an exemption certificate showing how much Local Services Tax has been withheld during the current year.  No more than $52 in Local Services Tax can be withheld by all employers from a particular employee.
DUE DATE: 15th of each month, for the prior month’s activity.
City Clerk's Office
Sudanese
CITY INFO
Earned Income Tax - (Individual) is collected by Jordan Tax Service
Realty Transfer   
412.255.2841
Please click 'Continue' to be sent to the new site, or Click 'Cancel' to go back.
Sign Up for Updates
The City of Pittsburgh hereby establishes a Parks Trust Fund dedicated to the following values: improvement, maintenance,  creation  and operation of public parks; improving park safety; providing equitable funding for parks,  including  those in underserved neighborhoods throughout the City of Pittsburgh; and securing matching funds and services from a charitable city parks conservancy.
          Website Exit Acknowledgement
The relevant ordinance is Section 241 of the Pittsburgh Municipal Code:
About
1997 Operating Budget
A $30.00 fee will be assessed for any check returned from the bank for any reason.
City-County Building Lighting - What Do Tonight's Colors Represent?Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
Dog Licensing
City of Pittsburgh Announces 2023 Dollar Bank Cinema in the Park Schedule
If a person is employed for wages and has the EIT withheld by his/her employer, but also has self-employment income, estimates must be filed for the self-employment income.
LAUNCH
The Division of Zoning and Development Review (Zoning Division) of the Department of City Planning administers the City of Pittsburgh Zoning Code and Historic Preservation Code. The Zoning Division is the first stop for getting most construction permits in the City of Pittsburgh. The approval processes involved vary by project type, the scope of work, and location (see the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections for more information). 
Burgh's Eye View
Job Opportunities
Law
Please review signage in your area for specific day and time of cleaning.
What are the codes and regulations administered?
New businesses must file the return with the City Treasurer within forty (40) days of starting the service with the institution’s name, the services rendered, the institution address, and such other information as may be necessary in arriving at the actual volume of services transacted by it during the first month of service and amount of tax due.
PENSION (FIRE)
WHAT GROSS RECEIPTS ARE SUBJECT TO TAX?
Tax Forms
LEGISLATIVE INFORMATION CENTER
City Careers
Parking Tickets
* April 30th for 2nd installment
Payroll Expense Tax Regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
 City of Pittsburgh
The earned income tax (EIT) is commonly referred to as the wage tax. Although wages are the most common source of income taxed, wages are not the only source taxed. This tax is collected by Jordan Tax Services.
TAX RATE: 6mil/dollar
Private affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations for members and their guests at which the admission charges or contribution approximate the expenses and the net proceeds benefit the nonprofit organization are considered “Exempt Amusements”. However, if members of the general public are invited to the private affair, the event is not an Exempt Amusement.
Pittsburgh Parking Authority
Payroll Expense Tax FAQs at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-faqs
CONTACT US
No discounts are available for the Payroll Tax.
CITY COUNCILMeetings, City Clerk, City Districts...
Disability Plates and Placards
The Payroll Tax is fifty-five hundredths of a percent (.55% or .0055) of payroll expense generated as a result of an employer conducting business within the City of Pittsburgh, collected quarterly.
Pittsburgh, PA 15222
Make check payable to: “Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh.” Do not send cash.
Mobility & Infrastructure
DUE DATE:The last day of the second month after quarter end for the prior quarters’ activity.
If you operate an Exempt Valet Parking Service, as defined in the Parking Tax Regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms, then you are not liable for the Parking Tax but may be subject other business taxes. 
Establishes and regulates local Historic Designations
Reviews interior/exterior renovations, additions/expansions, and new construction
BID OPPORTUNITIES 
Vietnamese
15219
The Parking Tax Regulations can be found here https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
The Legislative Detail page is where you can track Actions taken as the file moves through the legislative process. You can see how votes were cast by clicking Action Details. All details of the meeting are linked to - click Meeting Details.
VisitPittsburgh
Winter Resource Center
 WPRDC.org
Snow Plow Tracker
412.393.0200
In order for an electronically submitted report and return to be considered timely, it must be submitted by 11:59PM Eastern Time on the due date.
Recycling/Trash Collection Schedule
The Amusement Tax Form, as well as instructions that apply to this and other tax types, can be found at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
The Payroll Tax Form, as well as instructions that apply to this and other tax types, can be found at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
1995 Salaries Budget
DEPARTMENT MENUZoning & Development Review Zoning & Development Review Division  Zoning FAQ  Fee Schedule  Property Certification  Planning Applications  Historic Preservation Program  Consolidations/Subdivisions  Institutional Master Plan  Interim Planning Overlay Districts  Specially Planned Districts  Zoning Board of Adjustment  Planning Commission  Mexican War Street Expansion Pre-Application Pre-Application Meeting  Major Development Advisory Meeting Planning Reviews, Notices, & Hearings Planning Reviews, Public Notices, and Public Hearings  Site Plan Review  Site Plan Requirements  Certificate of Occupancy  Administrator Exception  Design Review  Environmental Review  Zoning Board of Adjustment  Planning Commission  Construction Management Plans City Planning Links About City Planning  Projects  Programs  Housing  Notices and Upcoming Meetings  Process Guides  AgencyCounter  Strategic Planning  Public Art + Civic Design  Sustainability & Resilience  Zoning & Development Review  ADA  Commissions, Boards, and Panels  City Planning Home 
Published: 05/12/2023
Latin
2021 Operating Budget
Payroll Expense Tax   
Italian
Open Gov Portal
Budget Information
ANIMAL CONTROL 
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax Regulations can be found on https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
Electronics & Household Hazardous Materials Recycling
2009 Operating & Capital Budget
2020 Operating Budget
                                    © 2023 Public Parking Authority of Pittsburgh | Powered by OpenCities
The City of Pittsburgh’s Historic Preservation Code (Title 11) is hosted by Municode here. Additional guidelines can be found here.
Additional information call  412-255-2525
The employer is supposed to withhold the Local Services Tax for the municipality associated with the principal work location of the employee.  For example, if the employee has $10 in Local Services Tax withheld for Municipality “A” and changes her job location to the City in the same calendar year, then the employee must provide the employer an exemption certificate.  Having received the timely filed exemption certificate, the employer only has to withhold $42 ($52 less $10 paid to Municipality “A”) in City Local Services Tax from the employee.
CITY INFO 
 Facebook
Residential Permit Portal
COMMON DEDUCTIONS: NONE
Enforcement & Meter Policies
COVID-19 UPDATES
2019 Operating Budget
ETHICS HEARING BOARD OFFICE 
If you don’t pay on time, interest and penalties will be added to the amount you owe.  The failure of any employer to withhold the tax shall not relieve the employee from the duty to file a return and pay the proper amount of tax.  Employees who believe their employer has not appropriately withheld the Local Services Tax should contact the City of Pittsburgh Finance Department at 412-255-2525.
DUE DATE: 15th of April, for prior activity.
TAX RATES, PENALTIES, AND FEES
City of Pittsburgh Announces 2023 Community Footrace Series Dates
Accessibility
All persons who engage, hire, employ, or contract with one or more individuals, as employees, to perform work or render services within the City of Pittsburgh. The Payroll Tax is computed on the employer’s total payroll expense (total compensation) associated with business activity in the City.  Partners are considered employees of the employer for purposes of the Payroll Tax.  You do not need to be located in the City of Pittsburgh to be subject to this tax.
            Select a language to translate to
412.255.2338
After you initiate a search, your results are returned in rows below the search interface. Legislative File numbers are hyperlinked to Detail pages.
What happens if the employee changes his employer during the year?
When amusement is conducted at a social club or fraternal organization which also furnishes entertainment for which a separate charge is not made, the established price shall be fifty (50%) percent of the gross receipts
CITY INFORMATION
Upcoming Events
Contract Bids
CivicCentral
City-County Building, 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh, PA 15219
Small Business Resource
Public Safety Blotter
Special Events
PITTSBURGH
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.
City Hall History - Public Tours
RESIDENTS
ARTICLE 9 
Current Contracts
TAX RATES: 2% City of Pittsburgh; 1% School District of Pittsburgh; 1% Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
1998 Operating Budget
1996 Operating Budget
Amusement Tax Regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
NOTES: In Oct. 2005, the City and School District adopted the provisions of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Realty Transfer Tax (72 PS/8101-C et seq.) In addition the Commonwealth is authorized to act on behalf of the City and School District to enforce the collection of this tax. This tax is collected by realty transfer stamps that are issued by the Allegheny County Real Estate department, Recorder of Deeds (412-350-4226). The tax collected is then remitted to the City Treasurer. Pittsburgh Code Chapters 255 & 256
Right to Know Policy
311 (non-emergency requests)
Note: the current Certificate(s) of Occupancy for particular property documents explain how that property is legally allowed to be used.
You must file monthly reports with the City Treasurer on or before the 15th day of the following month, reporting the preceding month’s activity on the Parking Tax form provided at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms. Tax returns must be filed even if no tax is due.
Mayor's Cabinet
EXAMPLES OF WHAT IS SUBJECT TO THIS FEE: Players or employees of a sports team and entertainers who engages in an athletic event at a publicly funded facility in Pittsburgh.  For exact, separate determinations of how this fee is calculated for athletes, team employees, and entertainers, see the Fee regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
Online Shelter Permit
Mayor's Office
The Mayor may be authorized by City Council to enter into an agreement with one or more charitable city parks conservancies   ("Services   Agreement(s)")   to   receive services and to secure matching funds for the Parks Trust Fund. Council may appropriate funds from the   Parks   Trust   Fund   for   use   in   the   Services   Agreement(s).    The Services Agreement(s)  shall  address public participation and disclosure of spending from the Parks Trust Fund in addition to specific terms and   conditions   for   the   governance   and   use   of appropriated funds.
PGH Watchdog
This year-end record layout can be viewed at the “LST Record Layout & Instructions” link at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
Published: 05/08/2023
COMMON CREDITS: Up to 1% of income taxes paid to a municipality in another state or to another state and not claimed on the EIT. This credit applies to the city tax only.
DISCOUNTS AND EXEMPTIONS
2017 Operating Budget
Operating Budgets | pittsburghpa.gov
BUILDING CLEANING/MAINTENANCE
DISCOUNTS AND SPECIAL RULES
CAREERS
Tax Info
Cancel
TAX PAYMENT DUE DATES:
Welcoming Pittsburgh
1913 Appropriations
Hebrew
Earned Income Tax - Employer Withholding   
EnforcementEnforcement FAQMeter PoliciesResidential Parking Permit Program
City of Pittsburgh - Announcements, Special Events, Press Releases, City Permits, Careers, Pay your taxes, view Burgh's Eye View and more!
Next Pittsburgh
For additional information call 412-255-2525.
 Social Media Hub
1995 Appropiations
The Amusement Tax Regulations can be found on https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
Pittsburgh Zoning Map
Back to top
Residential Building Permits
4th quarter due Jan 31
Visit the first floor payment windows of the City Treasurer’s Office in the City-County Building at 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh PA.   
Home
City Council
Community Development Block Grant Program
The City of Pittsburgh Zoning Code (Title 9) is hosted by Municode, found here.
					
 Enter your street address
DOG LICENSE 
2nd quarter due July 31
Vendor Licenses
Read More
The Local Services Tax is $52/year, collected quarterly.
A check or cash are acceptable for in-person payments.
CITY HALL
ATTACHMENT FILES
City Job Opportunities
For new business registration call 412-255-2525.
412.255.2968
No discounts are available for the Parking Tax.
Local Services Tax   
Arabic
PORT AUTHORITY 
Commercial Building Permits
IMPORTANT DATES
City Council Meetings, Agendas
The relevant ordinance is Section 253 of the Pittsburgh Municipal Code.
Russian
Open Data
DPW PERMITS 
Get Involved
Citizen Police Review Board
DO SELF-EMPLOYED PERSONS AND PARTNERS HAVE TO PAY THE TAX?
Ethics Hearing Board
412.255.2600
Provide Feedback
OPEN DATA 
 Interactive Crime Report
Amusement Tax   
Jordan Tax Services can be contacted at 412-345-7966 or jts@jordantax.com.
Follow us on Twitter
2022 Operating Budget
1999 Operating Budget
Legislative attachments are posted in .doc format. For many users, these files will open in Microsoft Word. If you do not have Word, then please be aware that many free alternatives exist. For example, OpenOffice.org is an excellent free choice available for all major operating systems.
English (United States) Select this as your preferred languageSpanish Select this as your preferred language
Operating Budgets
If the employer does not withhold the proper amount of tax, then the employee, partner, or self-employed person must pay the Local Services Tax directly to the City Treasurer.
Doing Business With the PPA
View Current Job Openings
Parking Leases
FORMS AND INSTRUCTIONS
Any person, organization, foundation, corporation or unincorporated association operating under a non-profit charter or recognized as a non-profit entity by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including, but not limited to, hospitals, nursing homes, colleges, universities, schools other than elementary and secondary schools, cemeteries, veterans organizations, recreational centers, fund-raising organizations and all other organizations which conduct medical, educational, beneficial, social, recreational, vocational, or any other type of service for which a charge is made, as a non-profit entity, in the City of Pittsburgh.  Common examples of taxpayers are charities, social clubs, fraternal benefit organizations, business leagues, and civic leagues.
MOTOR POOL
// cookie policy
Regulates consolidations and subdivisions
MAILROOM
WHAT IS TAXED? The transfer tax is a tax upon the transaction involving the transfer of title to real estate. The transfer tax is imposed on all transactions that result in a transfer, for consideration, of a beneficial interest in real estate that is located within the city of Pittsburgh and/or School District of Pittsburgh limits.
2010 Operating & Capital Budget
1960 Salaries
City Contact Page
Facility LocatorGarages and Attended LotsNeighborhood Lots
If you are an “Exempt Institution” under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Regulations, you are exempt from paying the tax.  Examples of Exempt Institutions include: an Institution of Purely Public Charity, any government entity, or any utility company.  To prove to the City that you are an Institution of Purely Public Charity, you must have a sales tax exemption as a non-profit issued by the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue and show your exemption number on the tax return.  Affiliates of Institutions of Purely Public Charity which do not have their own sales tax exemption are not exempt.
Primary Roles and Responsibilities of the Zoning Division
WHO IS TAXED: All owners of real estate located within the City and School District. The market value of the property is determined by the Allegheny County Office of Property Assessment. The taxes are calculated by applying the millage rate to the assessed value.
2014 Operating Budget
Mail to: Payroll Expense Tax, 414 Grant St., Pittsburgh, PA 15219-2476
Where admission is obtained to any amusement solely or partly by a donation, contribution and other monetary charge, the established price for amusement for purposes of the tax shall be twenty-five (25%) percent of the total donation, contribution and other monetary charge. 
WHO PAYS THE TAX?
PAFR
PROPERTY ASSESSMENT
Contact Us
Self-employed individuals make quarterly payments using forms from Jordan Tax Services. These forms can be found at https://www.jordantax/Act32/EmployerForms.html
Local Services Tax FAQs at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-faqs
QUICK HELP & HINTS
 YouTube
412.255.2366
This tax is collected by the operator of the parking lot from patrons.  The tax due is 37.5% or 0.27273 of the gross parking fee charged.
PENSION (MUNICIPAL)
No discounts are available for the Amusement Tax.
Notice: Street cleaning and enforcement will begin on April 1st, 2023.
Parks Tax
Frequently Requested NumbersOur Address:
1994 Appropriations
Black Pittsburgh Matters
Note: Official, certified copies can be obtained in person from the City Clerk's Office.
German
Contact UsTwitter
	No results found. Please try again later.
Council Meetings & Hearings
Website Release Notes
Parking Information
The City Controller shall conduct a financial audit each year of the Parks Trust Fund in accordance with Article IV of the Home Rule Charter of the City of Pittsburgh.
Zoning and Development Review Division | pittsburghpa.gov
2006 Operating Budget
A template for this data can be viewed at the “LST Generator” link at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
Do not send cash
Share & Connect
 
The relevant ordinance is Section 258 of the Pittsburgh Municipal Code.
BUSINESS
DEPARTMENT MENUBudgets & Reports Pittsburgh Budget Hub  Capital Budgets  Operating Budgets  Budget in Brief  Quarterly Financial Reports  American Rescue Plan Reporting  Other Reports OMB Links About OMB  Purchasing: Beacon  Budget Calendar  Budgets & Reports  Budget and Tax Receipt Simulations  Operating Budget Engagement  Capital Budget Forum  Grants Office  Fleet Operations  Asset Management  Fiscal Focus Pittsburgh  Community Development Block Grant  OMB Contacts  OMB Home  PWSA Restructuring  Online Auction 
Mail to: Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh – 414 Grant St. Pittsburgh, PA 15219-2476
Can you be excused from collecting the Amusement tax and paying the tax to the City?
French
WHO IS TAXED?  The tax is applied to people who earn income and/or profits and are CIty and School District residents. Residents pay 1% city tax and 2% school tax for a total of 3%. Non-Pennsylvania residents who work within the City pay 1%. Mt. Oliver Borough residents pay the School Earned Income Tax of 2% to the city which acts as the tax collector for the School District. Mt. Oliver residents must also file directly with the Mt. Oliver Borough tax office to report the borough Earned Income Tax.
For more information, see:
POPULAR SERVICES
For additional information or tax forms, call: 412-255-2525 (Bryant Dill).
Enforcement FAQ
Home Rule Charter
Refuse & Recycling Collection
Police Reports
First Levied: 1816
Earned Income Tax - Individual   
City Council takes pride in its open form of government and is pleased to provide state-of-the-art technology to assist the public in tracking and retrieving legislation.
Under Pennsylvania Earned Income Tax law, all residents of the City of Pittsburgh must have three (3%) percent of their wages withheld from their pay as Earned Income Tax. This amount is to be remitted to Jordan Tax Services. This applies whether the employer is located within or outside the City of Pittsburgh. The determining factor is the residency of the employee, not the location of the employer.
412.255.2572
Yes.  A charitable organization, shall calculate the tax that would otherwise be attributable to the City of Pittsburgh and file a return, but shall only pay the tax on that portion of its payroll expense attributable to business activity for which a tax may be imposed pursuant to unrelated business income tax (“UBIT”) under Section 511 of the Internal Revenue Code. Please review your IRS Form 990-T to determine which part of your activities are subject to the UBIT. If the charity has purchased or is operating branches, affiliates, subsidiaries or other business entities that do not independently meet the standards of the “Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act”, the tax shall be paid on the payroll attributable to such for-profit branches, affiliates or subsidiaries, whether or not the employees are leased or placed under the auspices of the charity’s umbrella or parent organization.
Snow Angels
In order for a mailed report and return to be considered timely, it must be postmarked by the United States Post Office by the due date.  The City Treasurer will allow for a two-day grace period for those reports and returns privately postmarked.
Institutional & Service Privilege Tax FAQs at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-faqs
How much is it?
Institutional & Service Privilege Tax Regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
COMMON EXCLUSIONS: Interest, dividends, active duty pay from the armed forces, pensions, social security, and capital gains.
Annual Report
Home - Public Parking Authority of Pittsburgh
CITY ANNOUNCEMENTS
Write your city account number on your check
311 
Business
opens in new tab or window 
The relevant ordinance is Section 247 of the Pittsburgh Municipal Code.
If you operate or provide any place of amusement where people must pay an established price to attend or engage in the amusement, then you are responsible for collecting the tax from patrons, filing the tax returns, and remitting the tax to the City of Pittsburgh.
TAX RATE: 5½ Mills (.0055) or .55%
TAX CODE
FOLLOW US
OneStopPGH
TAX INFO 
1982 Operating Budget
What is taxed?
1950 Operating Budget
If the place of amusement is temporary, you must file reports after each performance.
Close this announcement
Interactive City Data Map
City-County Building
Dashburgh
2001 Operating Budget
FILING DEADLINE:  Quarterly filings are due by the last day of the month following the close of the quarter.
Make a Payment
WHO COLLECTS THE TAX?
RESIDENTS 
PWSA Bills
Pittsburgh Code Reference Chapter: 263
Alarm Registrations
COMMON EXCLUSIONS: Residents of Pittsburgh
VIEW ALL NEWS
English
Finance Home
If you operate a parking place or receive consideration for the parking or storage of vehicles at such parking place, then you are responsible for collecting the tax from patrons, filing the tax returns, and remitting the tax to the City of Pittsburgh.
Visit the first floor payment windows of the City Treasurer’s Office in the City-County Building at 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh PA.
Mail to: City Treasurer LS-1 Tax, 414 Grant St., Pittsburgh, PA 15219-2476
Tax information
Online Alarm Registration
View Tax Descriptions 
Trash Schedule App
In Person:
If you don’t pay on time, interest and penalties will be added to the amount you owe.
The Parking Tax Form, as well as instructions that apply to this and other tax types, can be found at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
Sub-menu
Boards, Authorities & Commissions
If insufficient amounts are withheld by employers, City residents are required to pay the difference when EIT tax returns are filed with Jordan Tax Services. Jordan Tax Services is the agent for EIT Tax collection for the Allegheny County Central Tax District.
Community Safety Website
 Budget and Tax Receipt Simulations
Housing Assistance Resource Portal
2015 Operating Budget
Are you eligible for a discount?
Menu
412-255-2122
No discounts are available for the Local Services Tax.  However, an employee whose total income for a calendar year was less than $12,000, can apply for a refund of $52 (or the amount withheld) the following year using the Local Services Refund form at the “Local Services Tax Refund Form” link at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
Initiates zone changes and zoning code text amendments
TAX RATE: City of Pittsburgh residential; City 1%, School district 2%. 3% Total
Can you be excused from collecting the tax and paying the tax to the City?
BUILDING ACCESSIBILITY
DEPARTMENT MENULegislative Information Center Legislation Home  Municipal Record  Video Streaming  Meeting Calendar City Clerk City Clerk Homepage  What is a City Clerk?  Kimberly D. Clark-Baskin  City Clerk Functions  Council Meeting Schedule  City Council Meetings, Agendas  Records Management Division  Inter-municipal Liquor License Application  Home Rule Charter  Council Budget Office  Procedures  Business Processes  City Council Invoices  City Code  Rules of Council  City Clerk Contacts  Boards & Commissions City Council City Council Home  Standing Committees  City Council Meetings, Agendas  City Council Neighborhoods and Wards  Council Re-Apportionment Committee  City Council Contacts  District 1 - Bobby Wilson  District 2 - Theresa Kail-Smith  District 3 - Bruce Kraus  District 4 - Anthony Coghill  District 5 - Barb Warwick  District 6 - R. Daniel Lavelle  District 7 - Deb Gross  District 8 - Erika Strassburger  District 9 - Ricky Burgess 
Citywide Event Schedule
You are now leaving the official website of Pittsburgh Parking Authority, PA. Please be aware that when you exit this site, you are no longer protected by our privacy or security policies. Pittsburgh Parking Authority, PA is not responsible for the content provided on linked sites. The provision of links to these external sites does not constitute an endorsement.
Locate a Garage
Departments
Many other files in the LIC are offered in PDF format. Most users probably have a PDF Reader configured - but a variety of readers for all major operating systems are available here :
412.350.4600
1974 Operating Budget
Open Book PGH
* The total annual tax due or,
412.255.2725
Pittsburgh Code Reference: Chapter 271
Right of Way Permits
414 Grant St
Find Parking Near Me
Local Services Tax Regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
COMMON EXCLUSIONS: Transfer to certain relatives, transfer between gov’t and instrumentalities, transfer to trustees for benefit of children, correctional deeds without consideration.
Bid Opportunities
PITTSBURGH'S OPEN GOVERNMENT
COMMON DEDUCTIONS: None
Detail pages
2023 Operating Budget
Yes, self-employed persons and partners in a partnership, if the partnership otherwise does not remit the tax, must file the tax return and remit the tax on their own earnings. In calculating the earnings of self-employed persons or partners, such earnings are the sum of guaranteed payments and the lesser of net profits or net draws or distributions from the business. Passive income received by a self-employed person or a partner is not subject to tax because it is not considered “earned” income.
412.350.4636
Human Resources and Civil Service
EXPLORE
 DUE DATE: 30 days after quarter end for the prior quarters' activity.
Employers must file quarterly reports with the City Treasurer on or before the last day of the second month after the quarter, reporting the preceding quarter’s activity on the Payroll Expense Tax Form provided at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms. Thus, 1st Quarter taxes and reports are due May 31st, 2nd Quarter; taxes and reports are due August 31st, 3rd Quarter taxes and reports are due November 30th, and 4th Quarter taxes and reports are due February 28th of the following year.
COMMON CREDITS: None
Voting Districts & Polling Places
Comprehensive Municipal Pension Trust Fund
Contest a Ticket
REGISTER/SUBMIT
 Buildingeye
Every producer of an amusement must secure an Amusement Tax Permit from the Office of Permits, Licenses and Inspections at 412-255-2558 (prior to the event).
Spanish
City Budget
Tax bills are mailed in January. Further installment bills are mailed in April and July.
PGH City Ordinances Code
You must file monthly reports with the City Treasurer on or before the 15th day of the following month, reporting the preceding month’s activity on the Amusement Tax form provided at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
No discounts are available for the Institution and Service Privilege Tax.
Search
GUÍA DE RESIDENTES
What happens if you don’t pay on time?
The tax rate is six (6) mills on each dollar of annual gross receipts. (Six mills equals $6.00 per $1,000 or 6/10 of 1%).  Exempt receipts are not taxed.  A reduced tax rate of two mills (2/10 of 1%) applies to proprietors of locations where food and beverages are sold.
If you don’t pay on time, interest and penalties will be added to the amount you owe.  Additionally, if you as the operator, fail to collect the tax from patrons, then you shall be liable for paying the tax.
Looking for general information concerning the City of Pittsburgh? You can contact the 311 Response Center for detailed information, non-emergency concerns and feedback.
        
3rd quarter due Oct 31
RELATED CONTENT
Legislative Information Center
In November of 2019, voters in the City of Pittsburgh approved a referendum that amended the City of Pittsburgh Home Rule Charter to establish a trust fund to collect funds for the improvement of the City's parks. Article 9 of the City's Home Rule Charter establishing the Parks Trust Fund is as follows:   
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax Form, as well as instructions that apply to this and other tax types, can be found at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
OPERATING BUDGETS
Meter Receipts
2003 Operating Budget
WHO HAS TO PAY THE FEE?  Every employer who employs one or more non-resident employees who earn compensation as the result of services performed at a publicly funded facility within the city.   In the event the employer fails, refuses, or neglects to withhold or remit the fee for any portion thereof, the employee shall be personally liable for payment of the fee and any applicable penalty. 
In the LIC, the Legislation page  is a common starting point for users. You may search the legislation database by keyword, by year, by type, and more by means of an advanced search interface (you will see the Advanced Search link to the right of the search controls). More detailed help with searching is available here .
Municipal Pension Fund
Find a parking garage near you.
Alarm Registration
View More News
Office of Municipal Investigations
1986 Operating Budget
Information on filing EIT forms - 412-345-7966
Make check payable to: “Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh.”
2012 Operating Budget
2021 Amended Operating Budget 
PARKS TRUST FUND 
Have Your Say
NSFUF - FAQs about the recent Court of Common Pleas Ruling
COMMON CREDITS: Real Estate agents or brokers can claim a deed transfer tax credit when the property was taken in trade for another property, but not in excess of the tax due.
Pittsburgh Zoning Code
Community
Yes.  Employers must discontinue withholding the Local Services Tax when (i) the total earned income from all sources within the City of Pittsburgh is less than $12,000; (ii) the employee is on active duty in the military; or (iii) the employee is an honorably discharged veteran of the armed forces with a 100% service-connected-disability.  In order to receive an exemption from the Local Services Tax, the employee must file an exemption certificate with their employer which can be found at the “Local Services Tax Exemption Certificate” link at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
	
For an amusement (entertainment) at a place where food and drink are served where there is no fixed charge for admission, the Amusement Tax will be based on 10% of the total amount paid for food and drink. For example, if a check for food and drink by a party of four amounts to $80.00, the admission charge is 10% of the total check, or $8.00. $8.00 admission charge X 5% = $ .40 Amusement Tax.
Parking Tax is imposed at the rate of 37.5% or 0.27273 of the gross parking fee charged.  No deductions are allowed for any costs or expenses that you incur in providing the parking places.
Expenditure Reports
Dial 3-1-1, outside of Pittsburgh? Call 412-255-2621.
Amusement Tax FAQs at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-faqs.
1993 General Fund
Tax First Levied: 1962
BUSINESS 
Parking Tax FAQs at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-faqs
2016 Operating Budget
Vendor Registration
After meetings take place, the City Clerk's office works hard to edit and archive Meeting Video. When the video clip has been archived, you will find a link on the Legislative Detail page. For more help with video, please go to the Video Streaming tab above.
Every person or institution who engages in a temporary/seasonal service shall, within seven (7) days from the day it completes such service, file a return with the City Treasurer with the institution’s name, service, the person or institution address, and such other information as may be necessary in arriving at the actual gross volume of service, during the tax period and the amount of tax due.
Facilities
ONLINE APPS
Below you will find three tabs: Legislation, Video Streaming, and Meeting Calendar. Please click on each tab and view some information we've assembled about using the LIC.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RELATIONS *Be advised that this is not the Personnel or Human Resources Department
Japanese
311
412.255.2609
Additionally, children under twelve (12) years of age, disabled veterans and members of the armed services when on active duty and in uniform, who are admitted free of charge to any place of amusement, shall not be required to pay the Amusement Tax.
		
WHAT THE FEE IS BASED ON: Earned income. Fee rate is 3%.
Public Works
Shapes public realm through the design review process
View agendas for board meetings.
Financial Empowerment Center
Can you be excused from paying the tax to the City?
City of Pittsburgh Names an Advisory Committee and Researcher for the City Collection Equity Audit
By mail:
City Tax Info
Pay Real Estate Taxes
* The first installment of tax due.       

The Payroll Tax Regulations can be found on https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
SPORTS & EXHIBITION AUTHORITY 
City Planning Home
Parking Tax   
Dog Licenses
For employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and partly outside of the City of Pittsburgh, the method of computing their payroll expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh is to use the percentage of total number of working hours employed within the City of Pittsburgh compared to the total number of hours employed (within and outside) the City for each individual employee.  Detailed examples are provided in the Regulations.
Published: 05/09/2023
PGH PARKING 
Amusement Tax is imposed at the rate of 5% of the gross admission charge for the amusement venue or event.  No deductions are allowed for any costs or expenses that you incur in providing the amusement.
Careers
Citiparks
					Home - Public Parking Authority of Pittsburgh - Logo
Employers are required to withhold the tax from the earnings of their employees and pay over the tax to the City Treasurer.  For purposes of this tax, sole proprietors and partners shall be deemed to be employees.  The Local Services Tax of $52 is to be deducted evenly from pay checks throughout the year.
 0
DEPARTMENT MENUCity Directory Frequently Requested Numbers  Mayor's Office  Authorities  City Departments A-Z  EMS  Fire  Police  Senior Community Centers  Swimming Pools City Information Center Press Releases  City Social Media Hub  City Directory  Open Gov Portal  Executive Orders  Policies  Website Release Notes 
Press Releases
Mail to: Parking Tax, 414 Grant St., Pittsburgh, PA,15219-2476
232 Boulevard of the Allies
1993 Salaries
If you have any questions please call 412-255-2525 or visit
I Want To:
Additional exemptions are listed in the Amusement Tax Regulations link on https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
Policies
Real Estate Taxes
REGISTER TO VOTE
Pay a Ticket
Online Service Request Form
Pittsburgh Legislative Information Center | pittsburghpa.gov
City Buying Plan
Translate
Find Department contact information.
PAY
Realty Transfer Tax is collected by Allegheny County
Croatian
Employers must file quarterly reports with the City Treasurer on or before the 30th day after the quarter, reporting the preceding quarter’s activity on the form provided at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
PRINTING OFFICE 
HOW TO PAY
Skip to main content
FORMS USED:
Zoning and Development Review Division
2013 Operating Budget
Institution & Service Privilege Tax   
Explore Pittsburgh
For additional information call 412-255-2525
Quick Links
Business Discontinuation
Paving Schedule
About Pittsburgh
SHELTER PERMIT 
1970 Operating Budget
Clerk Home
The Local Services Tax Regulations can be found here https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
Due dates are:          
COMMON DEDUCTIONS: All expenses that are allowed on the State of Pennsylvania UE form.
VISITORS
CITY DIRECTORY
Disclaimer & Copyright | Privacy Statement | Sitemap
CONNECT WITH US
The relevant ordinance is Section 252 of the Pittsburgh Municipal Code.
You must file the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Return and payment with the City Treasurer on or before the 15th day of April, reporting the preceding year’s activity on the form provided at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
View all the current open positions at the Authority
Permits, Licenses, & Inspections
For the fourth quarter report and payment, employers must also submit, on a CD, a year end summary of employee name, SSN, and the total amount paid for the year.
Schenley Skating Rink
Every employer not registered with the City of Pittsburgh shall, within 15 days after first becoming an employer, register with the City the employer’s name, address and such other information as the City may require.
View Tax Descriptions | pittsburghpa.gov
WHAT IS TAXED? Wages, salaries, tips compensation that is earned, bonuses, stock options, covenant not to compete, other incentives, net profit from businesses or professions. The definition of compensation that applies for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is identical for the City.
Korean
Ukrainian
View active RFPs and bid projects
They can be contacted at 412-345-7966 or jts@jordantax.com.
Welcome to the City of Pittsburgh's Legislative Information Center (LIC)!
Board Meetings
  
* Last day of February for 1st installment or the annual amount at gross
PRESS RELEASES 
Fiscal Focus
Non Resident Sports Facility Usage Fee   
Office of Management & Budget
The Parks Trust Fund shall be funded,  in  part,  by  adding 0.50 mills to the real estate tax rate that must be approved and set by the Council of the City of Pittsburgh each fiscal year. The Parks Trust Fund may also receive monies and contributions from additional sources,  including  existing trust funds dedicated to park uses, other funds as determined by the Council of the City of Pittsburgh, private charitable donations,  and   matching   funds   from   charitable   city   parks   conservancies as further provided in Section 903, in addition to other public and private sources.
The City of Pittsburgh Zoning Code regulates land use and activities within the City boundaries. The intent of zoning regulations is to allow property owners the reasonable use of their property insofar as the use is not detrimental to abutting properties or to the neighborhood. The City of Pittsburgh is divided into different Zoning Districts that regulate the potential uses of a property. Interactive maps show the zoning and parcel information. 
The Local Services Tax Form, as well as instructions that apply to this and other tax types, can be found at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms.
TAX RATE: 37.5%
SPECIAL EVENTSConcerts, Park Cinema, Footraces...
MAPS: GIS, ZONING 
Searching for Legislation
Historic Preservation Code
Public Safety
Regulates land use within the City of Pittsburgh
Pay PPAP Parking Lease
City Planning
903. AGREEMENT WITH CHARITABLE CITY PARKS CONSERVANCIES
ALLEGHENY COUNTY INFORMATION
If no payment is made by the last day of February or if less than the entire first installment amount is paid by the last day of February, the entire year’s taxes become due and payable in full and incur interest charges from March 1st.
 Fiscal Focus
City Council's Meeting Schedule
OTHER FILES
CREDIT UNION
901. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CITY OF PITTSBURGH PARKS TRUST FUND 
412.255.2306
Finance
×
Facility Rentals
2005 Operating Budget
Close
2002 Operating Budget
2011 Operating & Capital Budget
Tax First Levied: 1947
City Directory
When searching for legislation, make sure to check what year you are searching. The search control defaults to the current year. You may track specific legislation and receive updates via RSS. Look for the RSS icon: 
2000 Operating Budget
Boards, Authorities, Commissions
Parking Tax Regulations at https://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/tax-forms
Event & Film Permits
