Summer Help Wanted
Applications
Township Ordinances
Contact Us – Kennedy Township
GarbageRecyclingOrdSummaries
Rabies Vaccine Alert
Impact of REAL ID rule provided by State Representive Anita Kulik
BUSINESS ROSTER
Qualified candidates who have successfully obtained PA MPOETC Act 120 police training, certification and law enforcement are invited to apply for testing of the position of Police Officer for the Kennedy Township Police Department.  Applicants must be a United States citizen, at least 21 years of age, physically and mentally fit to perform the full duties of a police officer, and prior to appointment possess a valid Pennsylvania motor vehicle operator’s license.
Voting District Locations
Parks & Recreation
Email: info@kennedytwp.com 
PREMISE ALERT REGISTRATION FORMS
							Have any questions?							
Welcome to Kennedy Township
Safe Homes Program
Glass Recycling Events
HARD TO RECYCLE ITEMS – LOCATIONS http://prc.org/programs/collection-events/hard-recycle-collections/west/
New Parking Restrictions-Emergency Snow Routes (Brandon Way added per Ordinance 446)   
Churches
Community Information – Kennedy Township
Self-Defense Club
							412-771-2321							
Kennedy Township Police Department is now accepting applications for the testing of Police Officer.
						Info@kennedytwp.com						
**IMPORTANT INFORMATION**
POLICE DOCKET
February Calendar
Street Address Directory
If you have never lived in Kennedy Township, you are in for a special treat. The logo, A great place to live, work and worship” is not just idle words; it is an accurate portrayal of the community, it’s people, and way of life. Here, you will find amenities that are indeed rare commodities of today; one of the lowest taxes in Allegheny County, excellent school district, one of the lowest crime rates, exceptional Township services and a scenic park. Kennedy.  Township is a bedroom community with single family homes, condo’s, townhouses, patio homes and rental units. Kennedy Township is conveniently located within a short driving distance to Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh International Airport with available bus transportation. Kennedy Township is approximately 15 minutes from a major shopping district which includes many restaurants, Robinson Town Center, The Mall at Robinson, The Pointe and Settlers Ridge. Should you require additional information, please contact our business office, 412-771-2321.
Military Banner Program
Tax Office
applicationnoparking2buildingfountainapplicationnoparking1Kennedy-TownshipKennedysign 
Public Safety
Township Elected Officials
ValleyWasteGarbageGuidelines ValleyWasteRecyclingGuidelines
HELP FAMILIES PAY SEWAGE BILLS
 
	Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Police Commendation 2017 (2)
notice-to-residents
Kennedy Township – A great place to live, work and worship
Memorial Day Parade
Township Road Paving
Departments
Please provide comments or feedback to this website.
Public Works
Building & Planning Department
SEWER BILL ASSISTANCE-ALCOSAN
Contact Us
IMPORTANT PHONE NUMBERS
TownshipRoadMap
Phone:  (412) 771-2321
Skip to content
Sewer Department
Township Businesses
Applications may be obtained here.  Completed applications must be returned to the Kennedy Township Police Department, with a copy of Operator’s license and a non-refundable application fee of $40.00 no later than March 3rd at 3:00 pm.  Eligible applicants will be notified of the times for written, oral, physical agility and physical and drug screen examinations.
Outdoor Fire Regulations
Meetings
2010 Township Census
Organizations
Important Community News
Township Applications
Search for:
Community Information
Primary Menu
Leaf Pick Up Schedule /Recycling News

PARKING RESTRICTION SNOW REMOVAL
Road Crew Summer Help
Stormwater Management MS4
 Garbage Pick Up  (Note:  Recycle bin cost has increased from $8 to $9)  Newspaper recycling depository bin is at the Church of Jesus Christ parking lot, 227 Herbst Road.  Under the auspices of State Regulations, residents are required by Ordinance to participate in garbage & recycling collection by the Township contractor, Valley Waste Services, 724-843-9373. Using any other means of disposal, including burning, is prohibited and violators are subject to prosecution.
