			Budgets & Audits
                                       REAL ESTATE TAX INFORMATION
​E-Notice of DEP Drilling Permits    The DEP offers a notification service whereby individuals may to subscribe    to receive e-mail notifications of permit activity within the State, county or    individual municipality.  Through this service, you may monitor the status    of permits involved in the following regulatory categories:        - Air Quality        - Safe Drinking Water        - Waste Management        - Mining              - Land Recycling                - Water Pollution Control        - Oil and Gas     - Radiation Protection        - Water Resources Management    Click on the instructions link or go to www.ahs2.dep.state.pa.us/eNOTICEWeb/    to subscribe to this service.
PUBLIC NOTICES
			FAQs
Kilbuck Township is a place where residents (population 773 people, Source: 2020 Census) enjoy the rustic charms of a community tucked away in wooded rolling hills, but is close to all the modern amenities, attractions and opportunities a big city has to offer.  It offers the best of both worlds, an easy 15-minute drive to the heart of downtown Pittsburgh.  Please visit our little piece of country next to the city (2.5 square miles) and see for yourself!
The Kilbuck Township Real Estate Tax Bills will be coming from Jordan Tax Service.The 2022 millage rates are:        County        4.73 mills (or $.473 per $100.00 valuation)            Township    4.9 mils          School        19.10 mils   
			Emergency Notification
Real Estate Tax Information - Kilbuck Township 
			Location
			Garbage & Recycling
			Avonworth Park
			Meeting Agendas
			Functions and Roles
		>
343 Eicher RoadKilbuck Township, 15237 Phone: 412-761-3945 © Copyright 2020 All Rights Reserved
			EIT Information
Meeting Agendas
                				Resources
			Links
                				Home
                				Government
			 Zoning, Forms, Resolutions & Ordinances
			COMPREHENSIVE PLAN 
No Soliciting List​If you would like to be placed on the "No Soliciting" List, contact Ohio TownshipPolice Department.  Located at 126 Lenzner Court,  Sewickley, Pa 15143Phone (412) 259-8304        Fax (412) 259-8306
			Real Estate Tax Information
Attending Public Meetings
                				About Us
 
			Meeting Minutes
EIT Information - Kilbuck Township 
		
Updated:  ldm 1/6/18
			Open Records
                				Township Projects
                			
			Utilities
Welcome
​Visit the Allegheny County website for current tax information for the Township.   This site will provide the County, Township, and School District real estate tax rates for the current year.
			Community Events and Information
			Recreation
			News
Kilbuck Township  - Home
343 Eicher RoadKilbuck Township, 15237 Phone: 412-761-3945 © Copyright 2016 All Rights Reserved
Proudly powered by Weebly
Community EventsCommunity NoticesBudgets and AuditsMeeting MinutesEmergency NotificationZoning & FormsResolutions & OrdinancesGarbage & RecyclingUtilitiesFAQSLinksOpen RecordsComprehensive Plan Update﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿   ﻿                                 
			ARCGIS Data
                                       EARNED INCOME TAX INFORMATION 
Local Tax Return is Due April 15It’s that time of year again. The 2022 local earned income tax return filing deadline is approaching. The due date is extended to Monday April 15 this year. Did you know the quickest way to get your refund is to file online? If you live and work in Pennsylvania, you can e-file on our tax administrator’s secure website, which is available 24/7 at www.KeystoneCollects.com. Keystone Collections Group’s e-file is the easy, fast and secure way to file your 2015 tax return.  It lets you file your tax return when it is most convenient for you. You will need your W-2, your Social Security Number and any other income documents that may apply (such as a PA-UE or a Schedule C). Keystone redesigned e-file to make it even faster and more user-friendly. If you have questions regarding local tax filing, visit Keystone’s Frequently Asked Questions or call Keystone’s Taxpayer Helpline at 1-888-328-0565 to speak with a local, knowledgeable Taxpayer Service Agent. You can also email your questions 24/7 to Taxpayer Support. Taxpayer Service Agents try to respond to all online inquiries within three business days.

			Community Outreach
Quicklinks
 Information on Voting in Kilbuck TownshipClick here for important dates.Click here for voter registration.Click here for a Voter Survival Guide offered through the Post Gazette.
			Pittsburgh
Community Events and Information - Kilbuck Township 
