Home
Township News
 ShareThis
Terms Of Use
Brighton Township Municipal Building1300 Brighton RoadBeaver, PA 15009Phone: (724) 774-4803Fax: (724) 774-3565
The Brighton Township Municipal Authority has issued their 2023 Annual Drinking Water Quality Report on water testing performed in 2022.  The Authority is pleased to report that their drinking water meets all Federal and State requirements. The report can be read or downloaded here. 
Calendar
NEWSLETTER
& REGISTRATIONS  
This website is updated regularly, so please return again soon to be as up to date as possible with Township departments and happenings. We want and need your input for topics you would like to see added to our site. Please share your ideas.
Applications & Forms
Brighton Township Municipal Building  |  1300 Brighton Road Beaver, PA 15009  |  Phone: (724) 774-4803  |  Fax: (724) 774-3565  |  brightontwp@brightontwp.org
 
Online Bill Pay
Copyright © 2023 Brighton Township. All rights reserved.
The Brighton Township Municipal Authority will hold their monthly meeting on Monday May 15, 2023 at 7:45 p.m. at the Municipal Building located at 1300 Brighton Rd.  All Township residents are invited to attend.  View the agenda by clicking here. 
Rental agreements, building permits, and more…
Search
Pay your water & sewage bill online with our secure service
Visitor’s Center
Township Map
FEMA Flood Maps Posted
Add your contact information to the NEW Smart911 emergency notification list so you can be contacted with important information and announcements.
Founded in 1816, Brighton Township is a residential community blending a rural setting with a progressive attitude. A Township of the Second Class, it is governed by a board of three elected supervisors, each serving a six year term.
The Board of Supervisors appoints a Township Manager who is charged with the day to day operations and fiscal management of the Township. The Board meets the second Monday of each month at 7:00 p.m. in the Municipal Building at 1300 Brighton Road. Any necessary change in this schedule is advertised in the local legal ads, and special meetings are advertised as well. All meetings of the Board are open to the public with an opportunity at each meeting for public comment. Further, any individual is encouraged to contact the Township offices with concerns or comments. Residents are encouraged to present their views on Township matters on any of the means that are available, including letters, e-mail, telephone and in person.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which administers the National Flood Insurance Program, has released updated studies and mapping for floodplains. The Township has posted all related information on the Planning & Zoning Page.
The Brighton Township Sewage Authority will hold their monthly meeting on Monday May 15, 2023 at 7:00 p.m. at the Municipal Building located at 1300 Brighton Rd.  All Township residents are invited to attend.  View the agenda by clicking here. 
UPCOMING EVENTS
This newsletter is mailed to residents and local business on a regular basis.
The Municipal Authority is looking for a part-time meter reader. Position is approximately 30 hours per month, at the beginning of each month, to record water meter consumption. The position is out-doors, with extensive walking in all weather conditions. A vehicle allowance provided. Click here to print an application.
Site Map
Meter Reader Position
News
 
The Official Brighton Township PA Web Site
2023 Annual Drinking Water Quality Report Released by the Brighton Township Municipal Authority
Check out what’s happening in Brighton Township!
Brighton Township is one of the Western Pennsylvania region’s most affluent, beautiful and serene communities that is within minutes of the Borough of Beaver, a Pittsburgh Magazine “top 10 stable great neighborhood” and the Beaver Area School District, a Pittsburgh Business Times “top 10 percent regional district.” The township features immediate access to local recreation and medical center, Pittsburgh attractions, interstate highways, an international airport and excellent shopping. With significantly lower property taxes, the township has grown steadily during the past five years as a safe, vibrant bedroom community in which to raise a family. Our Web Site provides a continuing flow of meaningful information to our residents and encourages increased communication between the Township and the public that we serve.
Credits
Popular links
        loading...
brightontwp@brightontwp.org
Contact Us
Brighton Township code requires each owner of rental property located within the Township to register the rental property and tenants age 18 and over. The registration is to be renewed on or before February 1st and August 1st of each year advising the Township of any changes in occupancy.  Registration forms are available at the Township Office or under the Applications and Forms Page in the Residents Center on this web site. Once registered, if you have had no tenant changes you may report the information by calling 724-774-4800. 
View Newsletter Archive
Support Our Local Businesses
Brighton Township Municipal Authority Meeting-Monday, May 15, 2023 at 7:45 p.m.
TOWNSHIP
Community Calendar
WELCOME TO BRIGHTON TOWNSHIP!
|

Rental Registration Reminder
Resident’s Center
One of the local jewels – gentle, picturesque foothills where mists arise in the cool mornings.
Brighton Township Sewage Authority Meeting-Monday, May 15, 2023 at 7:00 p.m.
GOVERNANCE
Contact Us  |  The Official Brighton Township PA Web Site
