Main menu
According to the United States Census Bureau, Mann Township has a total area of 35.7 square miles; the 2020 population is 477, and there are 237 households. There are nearly 69 miles of roadway in Mann Township, and the Township is responsible for maintaining over 45 miles of these roads.
Chairman:                  Richard Talbert 
 LERTA Program: No
 Ordinances:  Sub-division, Floodplain, Sewer
 Auditors: Tamela Clingerman, Casey Colledge, Lester Richardson
As the sun slowly sets over Mann Township.
					Proudly powered by WordPress				
Mann Township
Agenda
 Municipal Tax:  Janet Elbin
Township Meeting Minutes 2023
Contact Us - Mann Township
About Mann Township
Other Officials and Information:
Search
Officials and Other Information
 Permits:  Building, Driveway, Demolition, and Land Use
Forms
Vice-Chair:                 Ty Jay
A typical Mann Township View. After a soggy day.
Mann Township is located in the southeastern corner of Bedford County, Pennsylvania. The Township was created in 1876 when it separated from Southampton Township. It was named after the late Honorable Job Mann. The Township also consists of several villages, including Artemas, Inglesmith, Piney Creek, Purcell, and Silver Mills. 
 Planning Commission:  Roy Clingerman
Documents
 
Useful Links
 Engineer:  P. Joseph Lehman Engineers
 Emergency Management: Jacqueline Dilley
The Township phone number is: 814-784-5416
Contact Us
 Sewage Plan: No
Skip to primary content
Forms & Documents
Mann Township is a refreshing and re-energizing option for your getaway or relocation.   
 Head Roadmaster:     Richard Talbert
Meetings
 Authorities, Commissions, and Committees:
Portions of the Buchanan State Forest and the Pennsylvania State Gamelands Number 49 are located in the Township, covering roughly 8,100 acres. In addition, the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy owns 300 acres in the Township. The Township is also home to several vital streams, including Sideling Hill Creek and Fifteenmile Creek. The Township is home to scenic views, abundant natural resources, and wildlife.
 Comprehensive Plan:  Yes
Supervisor:                 Marshal Tewell
Secretary/Treasurer:  Jacqueline Dilley
 Solicitor:  Allison & Rickards
 Sewage Enforcement: Bedford County Sanitary Corporation
Officials and Other Information - Mann Township

The Township office and mailing address is:  1410 Mountain Road,  Artemas, PA 17211
You can contact the Township via phone or email or visit the Township office in person. 
Bedford County
 TV Cable Franchise Fee:  No
 Earned Income: Keystone Collections Group
The Township office is open from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on Wednesdays and Thursdays. 
Services
The Township email is: manntwp@embarqmail.com
Three supervisors and a secretary/treasurer manage the day-to-day operations and daily business of the Township on behalf of the residents of Mann Township. 
About Mann Township - Mann Township
