Kim BergerSecretary/TreasurerExt. 200
Septic Tank Pump Out Certification
May
Planning Commission
Reserve Now 
Right-To-Know Request Form
Chapter 22 – Streets and Sidewalks
Office HoursMon – Fri │ 9AM – 3PM
 Search
 Previous slide
 Next slide
Illicit Discharge Form
Chapter 23 – SALDO
Notice: THE TOWNSHIP OFFICE WILL BE CLOSED TUESDAY, MAY 16, 2023 DUE TO ELECTION DAY. PLEASE FEEL FREE TO DEPOSIT ANY PAYMENTS IN THE GREEN DROP BOX .
Email Kim Berger
Information
Chapter 27 – Zoning 
SwiftReach Application
View Detail 
Resources
Reporting
Water & Sewer 

Chapter 25 – Transportation 
Chapter 7– Flood Plain
Chapter 13 – Licenses
Find A Resource 
Copyright © 2023 · Ontelaunee Township · All Rights Reserved · Designed & Developed By DaBrian Marketing Group, LLC.
Ontelaunee Township takes its name from the large stream which drains the greater part of the upper eastern portion of the county. “Ontelaunee” is a Native American word meaning “little daughter,” a daughter/branch of the Schuylkill River. The stream was called “Maiden Creek” by the Quakers when they began settling on the land around 1720. “Maiden Creek” is a rough English translation of the Native American word “Ontelaunee”. The Quakers settled on the land surrounding the Maiden Creek’s banks from its mouth to a point Northward more than 10 miles. This land also included the Eastern bank of the Schuylkill River to the Blue Mountain. On April 2, 1849 some of the inhabitants of Maiden Creek Township presented a petition in court asking for a division of the Township. The inhabitants suggested the name “Schuylkill”. The court changed the name to “Ontelaunee” and the new township was erected into a separate election district by Act passed on February 28, 1850. 
Chapter 5 – Conduct(Curfew, Noise, Solicitation)
Blog
Contact
Resident Resources
Dog Licenses 
No cash is taken at this office!!! 
Tax Collector 
Chapter 3 – Reserved
Important: 
Welcome To Ontelaunee Township 
Emergency Resources
File A Report
 
Chapter 2 – Animals(Leash, Dogs)
Permits
File A Report Here
Resident ResourcesGet information for resident resources including Emergency Services, Building & Zoning, Water & Sewer, Trash & Recycling, and the Rave Alert Program...
Ordinances
Water & Sewer
Ordinances 
18
Zoning Hearing Board Application
Resident Resources | Ontelaunee Township
Resident Resources 
Chapter 20 – Solid Waste(Grass On Streets)
Snow Emergency Routes 
Forms & PDF Downloads 
Ordinances | Ontelaunee Township
Winter policy 
Chapter 6 – Fire(Open Burning)
 Zoning Map
Emergency Services 
About
Chapter 4 – Code Enforcement(Building, Plumbing, Property Maintenance)
Pavilion Rental 
Chapter 19 – Reserved
Chapter 9 – Reserved
Thursday
This form is for general inquiries only. For emergencies please dial 911. If you would like to file a report or complaint you may do so at the link provided below:
Soliciting Application
A leading provider of emergency notifications and incident management solutions – SwiftReach successfully delivers millions of critical alerts with the utmost reliability and speed. 
Trash & Recycling 
Chapter 12 – Landfill Chapter
Right To Know – Township
Ordinances have been updated through December 31, 2022 
Make Reservations 
Chapter 24 – Taxation
Stormwater Management 
Events
all provide the highest quality of service to our residents through proper planning & readiness...Get Help NowRave Alerts ProgramSign up for the leading provider of emergency notifications and incident management solutions to stay up-to-date with critical township alerts.Sign Up NowFiling A ReportFor non-emergency issues residents can file a report or complaint on township matters like broken street lights, broken street signs, low water pressure, fallen trees, etc... Report An IssuePavilion RentalPavilion rental is available at Willow Glen Playground. Some activities include soccer, basketball, and baseball. Perfect place for a family picnic...
Chapter 21 Stormwater Management
Building & Zoning 
Chapter 26 – Water Chapter 
Find Your ResourceTownship OrdinancesStay up-to-date with township ordinances such as Animal Laws, Code Enforcement, Conduct, Housing, Lighting, Taxation, Parks & Recreation, Solid Waste, and many more...
610-926-4240
Reserve Now
Permit Fee Schedule
Signup Now
Chapter 16 – Motor Vehicles and Traffic – November 2017(Snow Emergency Routes)
Ontelaunee Township Codification Of Ordinances 
Contact The Township
610-926-5476
Find Out MoreEmergency ServicesThe NBRPD, Northern Berks EMS, and the Union Fire Company
Get Permits 
Chapter 11 – Intergovernmental Cooperation Agreements
 Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerOntelaunee Township35 Ontelaunee Drive, Reading, PA 19605 | Berks County | 610-926-4240Home
Kim Berger – Secretary/TreasurerExt. 200 
Make A Payment 
Chapter 14 – Lighting – November 2017
Pavilion Rental Form
Home | Ontelaunee Township
Chapter 1 – Government and Administration
Search
Chapter 18 – Sewers(Septic Tanks)
Pavilion Rental
Approved Septic Haulers
Event Listings
Email Us
Contact Us
Call 610-926-4240
Emergency Resources 
Chapter 10 – Housing – November 2017(Rentals)
Chapter 17 – Reserved
Ontelaunee Township35 Ontelaunee DriveReading, PA 19605 
Footer 
Contact | Ontelaunee Township
Chapter 16A – Parks and Recreation – November 2017
Get Information 
Signup Today
Rave Alert Program 
Chapter 15 – Reserved
Chapter 8 – Reserved Chapter
Monday - Friday9AM - 3PM
