HELP REQUESTED FROM ALL RESIDENTS:  State grant funding may become available to help high-speed internet providers throughout the state close access gaps.  To be considered in this initiative, Albany Township is requesting feedback from all residents by May 29, 2023.  Click here for more information.
Sitting Hours at Township Municipal Building 2nd Thursday of each month 5:00-6:30pm
Note that there are other providers in Albany Township including various satellite providers, via cellular service if you have cell service at your home or business, Verizon DSL (not considered broadband/high-speed) and maybe a few others, but for this current opportunity for state funding, we are concerned with where Blue Ridge provides service.
Broadband Initiative | Albany Township
Zoning Hearing Board Solicitor
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DO NOT HAVE ACCESS* TO BLUE RIDGE CABLE:  (* Access means that Blue Ridge cable internet passes by your home/business. You might choose not to “buy” the service from them, but you do have “access” to it.)
Have you observed a township roadway hazard or pavement damage situation? 
7:30 PM - Environmental Advisory Council
Oley PA 19547
In Albany Township, the long-standing provider of broadband internet service is Blue Ridge Cable.  However, not all roads are wired for service.  There may be some state funding available soon to help pay for “line extensions,” which means where existing Blue Ridge Cable stops part way down a road, for example, a line extension would extend that cable to the end of the road (this is a very rough explanation but hopefully you get the point).  We want Albany Township to be prioritized for line extensions if this funding becomes available.
4.  What is the general way you and your family members use the internet at that address? (personal/leisure, education, work from home or run a business, or some combination of those general categories).
8:00 PM - Planning Commission​
 
OR
3.  If you have internet service at this address, who is your provider? (e.g., Blue Ridge, HughesNet, Verizon DSL, Starlink, a T-mobile or other cellular provider hot spot, etc.)
Eugene Orlando, Jr., Esq.
LTL Consultants, Ltd.
To report, contact Roadmaster Ryan Rex at (484) 332-0791.
You can help us understand the full scope of the need by sending an Email to albanybroadband@gmail.com with the following information:    (Please note that your name is not needed, and your email will not be shared with anyone. Only the physical address you provide will be recorded with the details of your internet access.)
top of pageHOMEGOVERNMENTAdministrationDirectoryMeeting MinutesZoningP.O. BOX 197
Conservation Series #2: Utilizing Native Plants
The effort to bring high-speed internet (also known as broadband) to all of Albany Township continues to progress as Berks County is aggressively pursuing options through the Pennsylvania Broadband Initiative, state and federal grants, and current and new providers.
PA Department of Environmental Protection Begins 2023 Black Fly Suppression Program
FOR EVERYONE IN ALBANY TOWNSHIP:
1.  The physical address of your Albany Township home or business (or both).
Hugh Brown
Thanks so much for your help!
albtwp@ptd.netNOTICESUpdated 5/13/23The next township public meetings will be held on Monday June 5, 2023.
2.  Call Blue Ridge Cable at 1-800-222-5377 and do the same.
The Environmental Advisory Council has prepared two documents highlighting key conservation recommendations.  Please check them out for some great suggestions and resources:
Conservation Series #1:  Limiting Light Pollution
We are requesting responses from all residents by MAY 29 to help move toward broadband access for all in Albany Township.
These actions will REALLY help Blue Ridge if they apply for these state funds. They need to be able to quantify the need and we want to be heard and be on the top of their priority list!
1.  Visit the Blue Ridge website (if you have internet access) at https://www.brctv.com/contact-us and complete the form with your Name and Address, and in the Comments say that you are interested in having access to broadband at your address.  Please list your address in the format of 1234 Name of Road, Albany Township, Berks County, PA.  That makes it really clear to them.
PLEASE CALL TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT
albtwp@ptd.netZONINGALBANY TOWNSHIP ZONING ORDINANCE  - Adopted December 30, 2004
Normal Working Hours: Monday-Friday 8:00am-5:00pm
__________________________
610-987-9290
albtwp@ptd.netHELP NEEDED - BROADBAND INITIATIVEUpdated 4/30/23Albany Township Residents,
​
One Town Center Drive
610-987-9288 (fax)
(610) 372-2400
KEMPTON, PA 19529
Lastly, there is a short timeframe here. The program guidelines for provider will be released on Monday April 10 and then providers (like Blue Ridge) will decide if they can work with those guidelines and then start their applications so it’s imperative that Blue Ridge understands how urgent the need is here in Albany Township.  Please call or fill out the online form by May 29.
7:30 PM - Recreation Committee
Zoning Officer:  Robin R. Royer
Zoning Officer Robin Royer's sitting hours:  5:00 - 6:30 PM every 2nd Thursday of each month at the Township Municipal Building.  PLEASE CALL AHEAD TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT.  Robin can be reached Monday-Friday 8AM-5PM at 610-987-9290 or 888-987-8886 (toll free) or email rroyer@ltlconsultants.com.  Click here for more information on Zoning.
Public Meetings are held the first Monday of each month (unless a federal holiday, then second Monday) at the Kempton Fire Company:
610-756-6452
2.  Is Blue Ridge cable internet available at that address? (if you have both a home and business at different addresses in the township, send info on both)
2022 Albany Township Audit Notice
​©2023 by Albany Township Berks Countybottom of page
 ©2023 by Albany Township Berks Countybottom of page
Blue Ridge keeps a list of everyone who has requested internet service but currently does not have access (because your road is not wired).  At this time, the Board of Supervisors does not have a map that shows which roads (or parts of roads) have cable access and where there is no access.  While we hope that Blue Ridge will soon provide us with a map, we can’t count on that so we’d like to try to create our own.
Dean Rabert
eorlando@orlandolawoffices.com
albtwp@ptd.netPERSONNEL DIRECTORY©2023 by Albany Township Berks Countybottom of page
HOME | Albany Township
2022 Albany Township Audit Report
2022 PA Municipalities Pension Trust Act 44 Disclosure Form

Please spread the word and share this request with your friends, neighbors and relatives in Albany Township.  Again, thanks for your contribution to this ongoing project!©2023 by Albany Township Berks Countybottom of page
Directory | Albany Township
rroyer@ltlconsultants.com
Reading, PA 19606
888-987-8886 (toll free)
2901 St. Lawrence Avenue, Suite 202
Zoning | Albany Township
7:30 PM - Board of Supervisors
Zoning Hearing Board
Robert Ketterer
