You must be a resident of Pennsylvania and your election district for at least 30 days before the next election.
Community
police department
	
Animal Related Issues
Taxes
Agendas
Planning Commission
Fire Code Issues
Community Development
find a department
Antietam Valley Recreation Center
 Facebook
Voting Information
 
Reading Country club
Erika Gustus
Street Lights
Park Maintenance
Board of Supervisors
In order to vote in any specific election, you must be registered 15 days prior to that election. If your voter registration form is complete, your registration is effective 10 days after processing by the Department of Elections. If you do NOT receive a Voter Registration Card, contact the Elections Department.
May 1, 2023
Businesses
Park Rental
YMCA SUMMER PLAYGROUND FLYER
Chief of Police
font decrease -
Leaf/Brush Collection
Media Inquiries
Junk Vehicles
Police
4569 Prestwick Drive, Reading, PA 19606
Last Name
Voter Registration Deadline
 Google Plus
archives
Profession
Public Works
43-8
Public Notices
Executive Secretary
Employment Opportunities
Matthew Harley
<a href="http://www.exetertownship.com/government/employee_directory/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
Traffic Signs and Signals
From the EastThe Township Building is located at 4975 DeMoss Road, just off of Gibraltar Road. Take Route 422 West to Gibraltar Road, approximately 6/10 of a mile west of the Shelbourne Square Shopping Center. Turn right (north) onto Gibraltar Road, the Township Building will be on your right.
Staff Contact
43-1
200 Eastwick DriveReading, PA   19606
Property Complaints
Committees
Economic Development
mharley@exeterpolice.com
Daniel Boone Homestead
Snow Emergency Information
Preference is given to public buildings and public schools under the election code. Other considerations are:
Security - well-lit and safe locations are needed for voters and workers alike.
(610)-779-5660
Former Magisterial Justice 10 Bldg.
<a href="http://www.exetertownship.com/government/voting_information.php">Your Link Name</a>

Streets/Highway
Grass Cutting Complaints
Reading Country Club Creating & Defining Moments
Services
Yes
ema@exeterpolice.com
Fire
							
43-4
Spring Clean-up
Employee Directory
4975 DeMoss Road, Reading, PA, 19606
Exeter Township
get socialConnect with the Community
From the EastTravelling West on Route 422 from Pottstown, turn left onto W. 47th St., approximately 10 miles West of Pottstown and 1.25 miles West of Walmart. Make the next right onto Oak Parkway and/or follow the blue Library signs.
Dunn Community Center (Lower Level)
jhunter@exetertownship.com
Parking - when the voting district is large
Communications
Exeter Township Municipal Building
Directions to Dunn Community Center/Exeter Community Library
Request Public Records
Recreation Department
Berkshire Commons
Community Shredding Event
lpiersol@exetertownship.com
Visit Exeter Township
Agendas & Meeting Info
Home Settlements
Code Enforcement Officer
Landfill Inspector
Exeter Cares
Pioneer Crossing Landfill
HomeGovernmentVoting Information
 Twitter
 
?
Login
Permits
Powered by revize. the Government Website Experts
Noise Complaints
Name of Location
Schwartzwald Lutheran Church
Ordinances
Hazardous Waste Collection
5485 Perkiomen AvenueReading, PA   19606
Right to Know
(610)-779-5702
<a href="http://www.exetertownship.com/i_want_to/contact_the_township_(directions).php">Your Link Name</a>
Date
Community Events
New here?
Licensing & Permits
go
Share this page
Share this page on your favorite Social network
Golf at the Reading Country Club
4569 Prestwick DriveReading, PA   19606
http://www.berks.lib.pa.us/exetercl/ 
Precinct
EMS
Share
Play
Blasting Permits
Building Inspections
4975 DeMoss RoadReading, PA   19606
43-7
Second Class Township Code
Mapping
From the WestThe Community Center and Exeter Library are located on Prestwick Drive in the Valley Ridge Farms Subdivision. From Perkiomen Avenue (Route 422), turn right onto W. 47th St, one block west of Gibraltar Road. Make the next right onto Oak Parkway and/or follow the blue Library signs.
Police Department
10 Fairlane RoadReading, PA   19606
History
Zoning Questions
Government
Contact the Township (directions)
Doing Business in Exeter Township
Road Construction
Burning Permits
43-5
the township
calendar
Important Notice - On December 26, 2000, the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court ordered the removal of the felony conviction prohibition as a qualification for voter registration. When completing the Voter Registration Mail Application (VRMA), a convicted felon who is released from prison may submit an application to register to vote by striking through the felony conviction line at Section9(2) on the VRMA and signing his or her name.
PennDOT Projects
Read More
View Exeter Township in a larger map
Snow Plowing
Superintendent
Copy and paste this code into your website.
Board Of Supervisors
kscanlon@readingcountryclub.com
Larry Piersol
Director of Public Works
Email
tfrederick@exetertownship.com
Zoning Officer
Recycling
5580 Boyertown PikeBirdsboro, PA   19508
REGISTERING TO VOTEIf you need to register to vote or make changes to your voter registration, please contact the Berks County Elections Service Office during regular business hours Monday through Friday.  Their office is located at 633 Court Street, 1st Floor, Reading, PA 19601 and their phone number is (610) 478-6490.For a copy of the voter registration form, please click here.  Pennsylvania requires that all election documentation be printed and manually signed.**Please be aware that the deadline for in-person registration is 15 days prior to each primary or election.  Registration forms must be received by Election Services no later than 5:00 p.m. on the last day of the deadline in order to be processed for the upcoming election.**If you need additional information on registering to vote, please visit  Berks Couny's Election Services page.UPCOMING ELECTIONSHere is the list of elections taking place this year:
(610)-401-0033
4565 Prestwick DriveReading, PA   19606
Events Calendar
General - Municipal
43-2
43-6
If you wish to receive a mail-in ballot or absentee ballot by mail, a written application must be received by the Department of Elections at least seven days before the election. The mail-in or absentee ballot must be returned no later than 8:00 p.m. on election day.
Residents
Engineering
Public Records
Building & Maintenance Codes
Inspections, Building/Plumbing
Please remember to include a full residential address and a mailing address, if different, when filling out a Voter Registration Application by mail. We can no longer accept Rural Route addresses or P.O. boxes for voter registration. A house number and street or road name are required. If you get your mail at another address it would need to be provided on your application.Qualifications for Voters at a PrimaryThe qualifications for a voter entitled to vote at a primary are the same as a voter entitled to vote at an election, except that he or she must be registered in a political party in order to vote in that party's primary. However, all registered voters are entitled to vote on questions placed on the ballot or at a special election held concurrently with a Primary.
Jason Hunter
43-9
Fire Hydrant Flushing
Departments
ADA Accessible
Sign-up for Local Updates:
Location - sites near the population center of the district are preferred.
250 Church LaneReading, PA   19606
    © 2019  | Township of Exeter  | 4975 DeMoss Road, Reading, PA 19606 (610) 779-5660
<a href="http://www.exetertownship.com/">Your Link Name</a>
Exeter Township Community Library
egustus@exetertownship.com
Meeting Minutes
Home Occupations
At least 18 years of age on or before the day of the next Primary, Special, Municipal, or General Election.
Qualifications To Vote In PAIn order to be eligible to register to vote, you must:
HomeI Want ToContact the Township (directions)
upcoming events
Get Involved
Administration
Live
Chamber of Commerce
Land Use - Planning & Zoning
Sign-Up for Notifications
Exeter Village Recreation Center
Emergency Services
Current Projects
Trout Run Brush Depository
submit
Underground Tanks
Road Maintenance
You must be a citizen of the United States for at least one month.
The following are Exeter Township's polling sites in order by precinct number:
filter:
Zoning Hearing Board
Engineering Department
Utilities
Election Type
43-3
Highway
info@exetertownship.com
Rent a Facility
Regular Hours of OperationMonday - Friday 8am-4:30pmDirections to Exeter Township Building
Parks & Recreation
bmancuso@exetertownship.com
Exeter Township has 11 voting precincts (click here for a precinct map).  According to the Pennsylvania Election Code, full discretionary authority to select polling places is given to the County Board of Elections.  Unlike the selection of polling places, the boundaries of an election district or precinct cannot be changed without the consent of the Court of Common Pleas. This is true in the case of splitting, combining or reconfiguring precincts.
Dunn Community Center (Upper Level)
HomeGovernmentEmployee Directory
St. Catherine of Sienna Roman Catholic Church
905 Byram StreetReading, PA   19606
43-10
Library
Address
13th Annual Hackaway at HungerGolf Tournament
Street Cleaning
Sidewalk Snow Removal
Kevin Scanlon
Becky Mancuso
4975 Boyertown PikeReading, PA   19606
You must re-register whenever you move, in order to protect all of your rights as a voter and potential nomination petition signer.
From the WestThe Township Building is located at 4975 DeMoss Road, just off of Gibraltar Road. Take Route 422 East towards Pottstown. Stay in the left lane past the Mt. Penn exit and take DeMoss Road. Follow DeMoss Rd. through the intersection of Gibraltar Road. The Township building will be on your left. 
        
Gas Main Replacement - Gibraltar Road
Soliciting Permits
parks + recreation
Admin & Finance
(610)-779-1490
Crime Watch
SKIP TO CONTENT
Contact Us
 Reddit
Trash/Dumping on Roads
info@exeterpolice.com
Leaf Collection
exeterrtk@exetertownship.com
Finance
Reading Country Club
Emergency Management
Topic or Department
May 16, 2023
Notoriety - polling sites should be well known in the locality.
November 7, 2023
Animal Control
Primary - Municipal
Board of Auditors
File a Complaint
Sign-up for notifications
I Want To
Plumbing Inspections
×
43-11
font increase +
Welcome to Exeter Township, PA
Stonersville Fire Company
Mother's Day Brunch
Close
Stormwater
Fire Marshal
Phone
Landfill Concerns/Inspections
Work
Building/Zoning/Engineering
Apply For
Directory
news & announcements
October 23, 2023
