      Sewage Enforcement Officer
      Strausstown Sewer
Upper Tulpehocken Township6501 Old Route 22​Bernville, PA 19506Office: 610-488-7170Fax: 610-488-6394
This website has been provided for the convenience for our residents. While every effort has been made for the  information on this site to be accurate and complete, the Township of Upper Tulpehocken is not responsible for any errors or omissions. Information displayed on the website does not replace official publication or legal advertisements, which are normally published in our newspaper of record, The Reading Eagle.
    
      Emergency Management
Pennsylvania Sunshine Act
Upper Tulpehocken Township - Home
Jeff Young​6525 Shillington PlazaShillington, PA 19607jeff.young@kraftcodeservices.comOffice: 610-775-7185Fax: 610-775-7188
      Planning Commission
		    Documents
Office Hours: Monday- Friday 9:00am to 3:00pmFirst & Third Wednesdays​6:00pm to 8:00pm
      Manager Secretary
      News
      Recycling Center
              
Brian McFeaters​Office/ cell: 717-813-6492brian.mcfeaters@verizon.netAlternate SEO: JB Environmental Services LLC​Sewage Enforcement Officers issue Township Sewage Permits as well as coordinates the perc and probe testing. After approved testing, an independent septic design must be submitted before a sewage permit can be issued. A Sewage permit is required prior to the issuance of a permit for residential new construction.
      Roadmaster
      Tax Collector
Location
      Township Solicitor
      Building Code Appeals Board
      Strausstown Refuse Collection
 
Sewage Enforcement Officer
UTT Information Sheet
Kraft Code Services Home Page
		    Departments
      Zoning Officer/ Code Official
Zoning Officer/ Code Official - Upper Tulpehocken Township
Zoning Permit- A zoning permit is needed when any type of construction is planned, or for an in-home business. Fees are due and payable to Upper Tulpehocken Township when the application is submitted. Complete applications and fee shall be submitted directly to the Township office.​Building Permit- The Uniform Construction Code (UCC) dictates that a building permit is needed for any construction activities. Several inspections are required during the building process to ensure compliance with the UCC. Complete applications shall be submitted directly to the Township office.Driveway Permit-  required for new driveways and for the resurfacing of an existing driveway. If the driveway is to enter a state roadway, (Route 183​or Old Route 22) a state permit is needed. PennDOT State permits may be obtained by contacting PennDOT at 610-871-4100.Permits are needed for:new residential constructionagricultural buildingssheds (portable or permanent)decksadditionspools (temporary or permanent)garagespole buildingscarportspatio / porch / deck roof or awningupgrade / replacement / new electric servicesignshome-based businessvarious remodeling projectsroofing replacementtimbering/loggingnumerous additional projects
Kraft Code Services Permit Information
      Sunshine Law/ RTK Officer
Kraft Code Services LLC
                Search
Right to Know
      Zoning Hearing Board
		    Meetings
      Board of Supervisors
      Strausstown Lions Club
      Vacancy Board
      Ag Security Advisory Committee
Zoning Officer/ Code Official
 Susan Ehrets, Open Records OfficerFollow the links below for further information and understanding the Sunshine Act and Right to Know Law.Requests must be submitted in writing, on the official form, and may be mailed, delivered in person, or emailed to uptlptwp@comcast.net. If your request for information is denied, you have the right to appeal in writing within 15 days to:Office of Open Records, Commonwealth Keystone Building400 North Street, 4th Floor, Harrisburg, PA 17120
      Township Engineer
		  
Sewage Enforcement Officer - Upper Tulpehocken Township
		    Strausstown Village
How to File a Request
		    Home

		    Community
      Strausstown Volunteer Fire Company
Right to Know Law
Sunshine Law/ RTK Officer - Upper Tulpehocken Township
Standard RTKL Request Form
		    History
      Auditors
