Centers for Disease Control
Planning Commission
Phone:(570) 265-1790
The Business Waiver/Exception form can be found HERE.
Department Description
Organizational Chart
Smithfield Township
County Relief Block Grant Applications 
Ulster Township
Industrial Development Authority
Phone:(570) 265-1704
Unemployment information updated 4/17/2020:
Community Planning & Mapping
twitter
Maps and info
Click here to access a map of food pantries and food distribution sites for schools.distribution
FDA Guidance Retail Food Procedures for Sanitization
Northern Tier Solid Waste Authority
Information on ways to talk to children about COVID-19 can be found HERE
District Justice Office Troy
Online Tool for Essential Workers to Find Child Care Providers with Approved Waivers
PENNSYLVANIA, USA —
NORTHERN TIER SOLID WASTE AUTHORITY
Phone:(570) 265-1723
County Parks
A pdf document with the newest court order pertaining to access to the courthouse and modification of court functions can be found HERE
Wells Township
Townships
Remains the same as it is posted.
Streams and Watersheds Map
CriticalInfrastructuresFloodZones
Auditors
Domestic Relations
Updated information on the primary election date, healthcare initiatives, and more can be found HERE
Herrick Township
Rome Township
Probation Department
Phone:(570) 265-1719
Commissioners
Bradford County Courthouse contact information
Towanda Township
District Justice Office Athens
 
Treasurer’s Office
Court Calendar
Monroe Borough
By filing a tax return for the 2019 tax year, which they can do until July 15.
Prothonotary Office
(Last updated 2/25/2021)
Public Defender’s Office
Conservation District
For information on recycling or trash hauling to the local landfill, please contact:
LeRaysville Borough
Alba Borough
Standing Stone Township
Critical Infrastructures Flood Zones Map
Franklin Township
In preparation for the transition into the “Green Phase” of reopening, Bradford County has created a data hub which contains various information from authoritative sources such as the CDC, Pennsylvania Dept. of Health, Bradford County, and others for your reference. This page includes data, maps, business guidance, best practices, resources and other information pertinent to the reopening process to ensure the safety of employers, employees and ultimately the public. The items on this page will be updated as new information is received and the link can be found below or on the Bradford County – COVID-19 Page.   To access the hub, please click HERE
Natural Gas
FOOD PANTRY & NUTRITION RESOURCE LIST
(570) 265-1760
LeRoy Township
ABOUT THIS PAGE
Travelers Abroad:
0 2 4 6 8 10 Kilometers
Lilly Foust
Economic Development Resources
Rome Borough
Antiques & Crafts
District Justice Office Wysox
Friday 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM
Troy Township
Township of North Towanda
Open Records
Windham Township
Court Administration
Bradford County, PA
 (570) 265-1729
Legend
TO ACCESS THE 2020 CENSUS, PLEASE CLICK HERE
Housing Authority
NEW: 
 COVID 19 INFORMATION
Copyright © 2023 Copyright © 2018 Bradford County. All Rights Reserved
Thank you for your interest in Bradford County
IT Director
Department Services
open
Columbia Township
IRS.gov/coronavirus
Covid-19 Hospitality Industry Recovery Program Applications can be found HERE. For questions about eligibility please contract the Progress Authority. (570)265-0937 or cbpa@epix.net
Grants Office
Governor's Order and Essential Business Information
Bradford County Manor
Register for STEP Here
Warren Township
Hearing Master’s Office
Charts
911 Dispatch Office
Search results:
Click HERE for a printable list of mental health resources during the COVID-19 crisis.
Commissioners Office
Collections
North Towanda Township
FORMS
Privacy
Towanda Borough
8:00 AM to 5:30 PM
Phone:(570) 268-4103
Towanda, PA  18848
State Routes
Accessibility
Please follow our Facebook page, visit www.NTSWA.org or call 570-297-4177 for a list of local haulers and for up to date information on the Authority’s programs.
OUR TOWN
All
This includes information about symptoms, transmission, appointments, vaccines and other important information.
PA Department of Health
New Albany Borough
Any business that would like to seek a waiver can use this email address: RA-dcexemption@pa.gov to request one.
Treasurer
Information Technology
Sunfish Pond
                
RESIDENTS
save
DCNR Extending Closure of State Park and Forest Facilities Statewide
By IRS using the SSA-1099 to identify Social Security beneficiaries who fall below the tax filing requirement.
Due to the COVID 19 virus, The Bradford County Sheriff’s Office will be processing ALL License to Carry applications through the mail ONLY!  This will be effective immediately and last until further notice.  Once you are approved, we will notify you by phone of a time, date, and location to obtain your photograph, signature, and issue the license to carry.  Applications are available at https://bradfordcountypa.org/sheriff/.
maps
WELLNESS TOOLS:
District Judges
About Us
Law Clerk Office
Department
Register & Recorder
Boroughs and Townships
Healthcare workers and first responders:
Requests for Proposals/Bid Opportunities
Airport Authority
District Justice Office Towanda
Pike Township
Skip to Content
Infrastructure and Utilities
(List updated 5:45pm, March 21, 2020, per Governor Wolf.)
Notifications
A listing of Bradford County Food Pantries and other nutrition related programs can be found HERE and at the bottom of this page in the documents section.  It is recommended that you call ahead, as hours and procedures may vary.  (3/27/2020)
NEW! 
foustl@bradfordco.org
Back to top
District Attorney
Resources for Additional Information
A document answering frequently asked questions about Life-Sustaining Businesses can be found HERE.
Sheriff’s Department
Government
Literacy Office
Skip to Navigation
County Seat
Collections Office
Overton Township
Emergency Management Agency Office
Veterans Affairs Office
Housing
South Creek Township
FAQs
Email: bcmis@bradfordco.org
As part of the CARES Act Legislation, the County has received funding through the Department of Community and Economic Development – COVID-19 County Relief Block Grant Program. The County Commissioners will be authorizing various grant programs to support community organizations who have been adversely affected by COVID-19 with these supplement funds. Information related to those programs can be found here and will be updated as the programs are released. For more information about any of these programs please contact the Bradford County Planning Office at (570)268-4103.
Information on Coping with COVID-19 concerns can be found HERE
Register & Recorder’s Office
save all
Human Resources
A press release from the Bradford County Commissioners regarding the first reported case of COVID-19 in Bradford County can be found HERE (3/24/2020)
Monroe Township
Assessment Office
Bradford County Library
Patients with severe symptoms who are in physical distress and need immediate attention should call 911 or go to the nearest emergency department.
Veterans Affairs
Governor Wolf
(570) 265-1727
BC Tourism Board
Application for appointment to board authority or commission
Recommendations for Pennsylvanians Financially Impacted by the Coronavirus
Agencies
3/31/2020:  The order restricting public access to the courthouse has been extended until the close of business on April 14, 2020 or until further order of the PA Supreme Court.  The full administrative order can be viewed HERE
Monday-Thursday
Accounting Department
Click here for a map of essential services throughout Bradford County. 
NATURAL GAS
For information on when to expect that check and to answer any questions you might have about tax relief during the COVID-19 mitigation period, please go to the IRS’s COVID-19 website:
Contact Us
Bradford County Boroughs and Townships
Elections Office
Click HERE to view information on Phishing Scams fraudsters are using to steal personal data during the COVID-19 crisis.
Coroner
Ridgebury Township
Phone
Select a letter to search by parks …
NEW – A pdf document listing of county department phone numbers can be found HERE
Bradford County Human Services
Victim Witness Office
 
Those who receive Social Security Administration benefits may be eligible to receive a check:
BUSINESS
If you are looking for additional personal protective equipment (PPE) or other healthcare supplies, the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency has a process to apply for unmet need requests here:
                                    
facebook
Wilmot Township
County Fire Department Relief Grant Guidelines and Application 
Food Pantry Information:
                                        
Employment Opportunities
NEW!
301 Main Street
Data Center
Boards and Committees
Athens Borough
Courts
Burlington Borough
Key Industries
Public Defender
Inernet Safety Information
Planning Office
Business
Internal Revenue Service/Rebate Checks:
Wyalusing Township
Grants
Granville Township
Bradford County
3/26/2020:  The regularly scheduled Bradford County Commissioner’s meeting that was held LIVE on Facebook this morning is not available in it’s entirety on Facebook under “BC Commissioners.”
Maintenance
Information on guidance from the Governor for restaurants and professional sports can be found by clicking HERE
Albany Township
County Parks Administration
Life in Bradford County
COVID-19 Information for businesses can be found by clicking HERE
Outdoors
County Non-Profit Relief Grant Guidelines and Application
Bradford County Historical Society
Mission Request Information
Small Business Administration Disaster Assistance
Stevens Township
Pay Online
Sheriff
Human Resources Office
Phone:(570) 265-1717
BC Library Board
Boroughs
Accounting
Resources for Talking to Kids and Mental Health
History
Pennsylvania Department of Health Vaccine Guidance can be found HERE. This includes the state vaccination plan, vaccine phases and other frequently asked questions. 
Menu
Emergency Notifications
COVID 19 INFORMATION - Bradford County
(Note:  While we make every effort to keep this map current, things can change without notice.  It is suggested that you call ahead to confirm hours and procedures for each business.  Businesses that have received a waiver from Governor Wolf may not be included in this list.)
Select
This page is intended to pass on information for businesses and individuals about resources available during the COVID 19 crisis.  Links to a variety of information and websites can be found at the bottom of the page.  This page is updated as new information becomes available.
Arts & Culture
Airport
Springfield Township
 (570) 265-1727
Residents
OVERVIEW
Probation and Parole
Departments
0 2 4 6 8 10 Miles
Phone:(570) 265-1713
Events
Farmland Preservation Board
GOVERNMENT
Visitation Schedule
Guthrie has established a webpage dedicated to answering general questions about COVID-19 that can be found here
PRESS RELEASES FROM THE BRADFORD COUNTY COMMISSIONERS:
For information on Lifeline, a service by the PUC that offers discounted phone service to low income individuals and families, please click HERE
Human Services Administrator
Acceptable Use
Mt. Pisgah
We have successfully received your information and we will be in contact if we have questions or need further information.
Bradford County Courthouse
Terry Township
Elected Officials
Phone: (570)265-1720
Search
Documents
                                
Victim Services
The Fifth Extended Order Re:  Access to the Courthouse and Modifications of Court’s Functions dated 5/29/2020 can be accessed by clicking HERE
Prothonotary
Athens Township
Correctional Facility
Visit Bradford County
Office Hours 
Coroner’s Office
South Waverly Borough
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT LIFE SUSTAINING BUSINESSES
Sayre Borough
US Routes
West Burlington Township
The deadline to file and pay 2019 income taxes has been extended until July 15, 2020.
Download Forms
Towanda, PA 18848
Management Information Systems Office
Information from Governor Wolf can be found below:
Forms
Asylum Township
Domestic Relations Office
News
World Health Organization
Burlington Township
Wyalusing Borough
County Judges
Area Agency on Aging
Security
NEWS

Mental Health Resource Sheet (4/24/2020):
Larnard Hornbrook
Maps & Guides
Why Bradford County
Press Releases
Armenia Township
Drug and Alcohol Advisory Board
Wysox Township
Severe Repetitive Loss Map
Tuscarora Township
Phishing Scams Stealing Personal Data during COVID-19 Pandemic
The Information Technology  Department’s major responsibility is managing Bradford County’s computer systems. We pride ourselves on computer support for all offices within the county. Our main concern is to help all users, whether it is for training or for general help on the computer.
Save all
Troy Borough
Phone:(570) 265-1722
Information Technology - Bradford County
A press release from the PA Department of Health that includes an online resource for essential workers to find childcare resources is now available.  The document can be found HERE as well as at in the documents section at the bottom of this page. 
Elections
220 Main Street
Mental Health Intellectual Disabilities
Bradford County Announces COVID-19 Cases at the B.C.C.F.
Information on PA & Federal Tax Filing Deadline Extension
Any business can contact the Administration with questions about whether they need to close using this email: ra-dcedcs@pa.gov.
PARKS
Auditors Office
An important message from Dr. Scopelliti, Guthrie CEO can be found HERE (3/26/2020)
BeST Transit
As part of the CARES Act, the Phase 3 COVID-19 response legislation Congress passed last week, many Americans will be eligible for tax rebates sent directly to them.
Face Mask Guidance from PA Dep't of Health
Fax
FEMA Rumor Control Website
Those traveling abroad are encouraged to register for the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP) in order to alert local embassies of your travel plans, be notified of additional travel restrictions, and be contacted in the case you need to leave a foreign country.
Contact us
Rivers
Workforce & Education
See & Do
Assessment office
VISITORS
Office Contact 
3/30/2020:  Bradford County Announces COVID-19 Cases at Bradford County Correctional Facility.  For full press release, please click HERE
Towanda, PA 18848 
570-297-4177
Phone:(570) 297-5047
County Library
Guidance for Pet Owners Who Board Their Pets
Maintenance Department
Name
Sylvania Borough
Canton Borough
Litchfield Township
Parks Department
Guthrie COVID – 19 Information
Address
District Attorney’s Office
Orwell Township
Public Safety
BC Parks Committee
Phone:(570) 265-1746
Phone:(570) 265-1720
Lodging
Canton Township
Repetitive Loss Map
Visitors
COVID-19 Personal Protective Equipment Fact Sheet
3/25/2020:  The Bradford County Commissioner’s public meeting will be aired via Facebook LIVE, and open for public viewing at it’s regularly scheduled day and time, tomorrow, March 26th at 10:00 a.m. 
FAQ's about Coronavirus
Sheshequin Township
Boards/Committees
BC Airport Authority
SPECIAL NOTICE ABOUT FIREARMS APPLICATION RENEWAL:  
