Accounts Payable
vincentdeon@twptax.com 
Northampton Township 
2020 Adopted Budget
815 Bustleton PikeRichboro PA 18954 
PUBLIC NOTICE-Zoning Hearing Board-May 8, 2023
Information300th AnniversaryAboutBudget InformationCode of OrdinancesComprehensive Plan UpdateContact & DirectoryDirectionsEmployment OpportunitiesFee ScheduleMaster Trail & Bicycle Facilities PlanNewslettersPhotographsRight to Know RequestsSubdivision & Land Development ProjectsTax InformationVeteransVoting & Polling PlacesGeneral Ordinance Amendments
Emergency Medical Services (EMS)
If they have medical concerns such as being a diabetic.
Directions
Ivyland
2021 Budget Schedules 12 16 2020
$5.00 per record certified. Please note that certification fees do not include notarization fees
Our most requested pages and a good place to start
4.5597 mills
SUMMER CAMP COUNSELORS
Meeting Schedule
Police DepartmentAnnouncementsCitizen's Email Alert NetworkCrime PreventionDepartment HistoryDocuments & FormsF.I.N.D.S. PROGRAM (Family Information Network Data System)FAQsIdentify TheftImportant Phone NumbersImportant WebsitesMission, Vision & ValuesNorthampton CrimeWatch & Police BlotterPhotosReducing False AlarmsRight to Know & Requests for InformationTownwatchTraffic SafetyVictim's Bill of Rights
Medication needs.
If they have special medical equipment such as a pacemaker.
The Township began as a farming community, with just a few settlements near crossroads or mills. Not until the late 1800’s, did the villages of Richboro and Churchville grow, as retired farmers decided to build homes "in town."  Many of the homes in the center of Richboro were built as small stores and were homes of retired farmers.  
 2018
vincentdeon@twptax.com
Voting & Polling Places
Burning Ordinance
Medium in which the record is requested.
Each request must include the following information:
News & Announcements
Historical Info
Senior Center ServicesProgram Coordinator 
jcfean@nhtwp.org 
Steven LeCompte
Upon receipt of a written request for access to a record, the Open Records Officer shall determine if the requested record is a public record and if the Township has possession, custody or control of that record.
Fee Schedule
gjh@nhtwp.org 
Yard Waste & Leaf Collection
Mon-Fri: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm										
Nicole Armani
Exceptions
communications with Township Solicitor or other attorneys
Fun Fact Friday
Historical Commission Meeting
Total Millage Rate 
Monday, Jun 12, 2023
Right to Know & Requests for Information
Christian  Sutherland 
Any older adult who may walk away from their home and not find their way back.
Tammi Leone
2023 Northampton Township Preliminary Budget Schedules 11.16.2022
Betty Satterley
Emergency contact information
 
PoliceAdministrative Assistant
If the Open Records Officer determines that a request to inspect will be granted, the response shall inform the requestor that access is granted and either include information on the regular business hours of the administration office, provide electronic access, or state where the requestor may go to inspect the records or information electronically at a publically accessible site. The response shall state the amount of any applicable fee and a statement that all applicable fees shall be paid in order to receive access to the record requested and the medium in which the records will be provided.
All appeals must be made in writing and shall include the following information that may be submitted using the Appeals Forms found here.
Fire Marshal's OfficeFire Marshal
Gregory Derr
Nonambulatory Disabilities
Audit Reports
Actual cost of disc + $.10 per page
Taxpayer Help Line
Photos
2021 Staffing Table
Date
Thursday, May 18, 2023
Jennifer Wyant
Right to Know Requests  | Northampton Township
Enhanced electronic access (e-mail)
Parks and Recreation Board Meeting-Cancelled
Note the date of receipt on the written request.
The F.I.N.D.S. program allows residents to voluntarily register any family member that might walk away from their residence and not find their way back home, or make the Police Department aware of a family member’s special needs that would be helpful in the event that Police come into contact with their family member.
If the Open Records Officer determines that a request to copy will be granted, the response shall inform the requestor that access is granted and either include information on the regular business hours of the administration office where the records can be retrieved, or state where the requestor may go to retrieve copies of the records. The response shall state the amount of the applicable fees, a statement that all applicable fees shall be paid in order to retrieve copies of the records requested, and the medium in which the records will be provided. The Open Records Officer may respond to a records request by notifying the requestor that the record is available through publicly accessible electronic means or that the Township shall provide access to inspect the record electronically. If the requestor, within thirty (30) days following receipt of the Township's notice, submits a written request to have the record converted to paper, the Township shall provide copies in printed form within five (5) days of receipt of the request for conversion to paper.
Library Meetings
FinanceAccounts PayableAudit ReportsBudget InformationDocuments & FormsStaffing TableTax Information
Wayne Lahr
Repair Request
wlahr@nhtwp.org 
Right to Know Requests
Monitor and record the Township's progress in responding to requests.
					 PA					 18954		
Direct requests to other appropriate individuals in the Township or in another agency when necessary.
Historic Site GPS
unless presented to a quorum for deliberation at a public meeting
Compute and note on the written request the day on which the five-day period for response will expire.
Marisa Ristow
Feedback
April 24, 2023
Dead Animal Removal
0.5703 mills
How Do I...?
Draft minutes of meetings
Issue interim and final responses to submitted requests.
cmateer@nhtwp.org 
Board of Supervisors Meeting
2018 Preliminary Budget
Recycling
Parks & RecreationProgram Assistant
Pursuant to Section 707(b)(3) of the Right-to-Know Law, all building floor plans and alarm system details and specifications for all buildings in the Township shall not be disclosed publicly, but may be released to the owner of record or a design professional authorized in writing by the owner of record.
About
Thursday, Jun 1, 2023
												 PA												 18954									
Links
The purpose of the F.I.N.D.S. program is to give Northampton Police a secure database to quickly ascertain important information about individuals with special needs, so that we can speed up the process of getting them help as soon and as effectively as possible. 
insp@nhtwp.org 
Right-To-Know Documents
SUMMER EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
PoliceExecutive Secretary
(215) 322-6111 x1506
(215) 357-6800 x256
2023 Executive Budget Summary 11.16.2022
Maintain a log of all record requests and their disposition.
The latest news, articles and announcements delivered to your inbox
Administration
Address any ground stated by the agency
$15 per report (by statute)
Emergency: 911
300th Anniversary
Maps
Public record - a record, including a financial record, that is not protected by a defined privilege or is not exempt from being disclosed under one of the exemptions in Pennsylvania's Right-to-Know Law or under other federal or state law or regulation, or judicial decree or order.
Public Works65 Township RoadRichboro, PA 18954 
Planning Commission Meetings
Staffing Table  | Northampton Township
2022 Budget Presentation
Upcoming Meetings
Documents, Forms & Permits
LibraryLibrary Director 
William Wert
0.0216111 X $36,000=$777.99
WHO IS ELIGIBLE?
Stay up to date on all things Northampton Township including news, special events, Board of Supervisor meetings and more!
Facsimile charge
Alerts
bwert@nhtwp.org 
2022 Adopted Budget Schedules
Parks & Recreation
Trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information
$.35 per page
Front Desk Receptionist
Transcripts and exhibits of arbitration hearings (final decision is public however)
Street Cleaning
View All News
Important Phone Numbers
Refuse Fee
Facility Rental
Fees
dcatoggio@nhtwp.org 
Keystone Collections Group is under contract with the Township to collect both Earned Income Taxes, Per Capita Taxes and Local Services Taxes. Please click here for their website and frequently asked questions.
Debt Service
24
Road Maintenance Fund
Go to current menu item 
(215) 357-5396 x313
$.25 per page
Tax Information
Email Requests To:
Budget Information
Keystone redesigned e-file to make it even faster and more user-friendly.
The initial response shall grant access to the requested record, deny access to the requested record, partially grant and partially deny access to the requested record, or notify the requestor of the need for an extension of time to fully respond.
employment applications (if not hired)
District Court
Phone: (215) 357-6800 Fax: (215) 357-1251 info@nhtwp.org 
ffenton@nhtwp.org 
Parks & RecreationSpecial Events Coordinator
Subdivision & Land Development Projects
Did you know the quickest way to get your refund is to file online? If you live and work in Pennsylvania, you can e-file on our tax administrator’s secure website, which is available 24/7 at www.KeystoneCollects.com.
Northampton CrimeWatch & Police Blotter
Any child or adult with any other physical or mental impairment.
Specific reasons for denial.
Board of Supervisors
Human ResourcesHuman Resources Director
New Residents
Address & Directions
To file an appeal under the Right-to-Know law, a citizen must provide the following:
Police
Stacey Schwengels
Information
Upcoming Events
Gregory J. Hucklebridge 
Victim's Bill of Rights
Important Websites
Phone: (215) 357-6800, Fax: (215) 357-1251Questions or comments? Email Us
Parks & RecreationProgram Supervisor
01
Budget Information 
Students attending a school in Northampton Township
PoliceChief of Police
CREATE AN EMAIL ALERT ACCOUNT TODAY!
Administration Building
Robert M. PellegrinoTownship Manager
confidential personal health information
2021 Executive Summary 12 16 2020
(215) 357-5396 x310
The F.I.N.D.S registration form is not available online.   Anyone looking for more information on the F.I.N.D.S. program should contact the Northampton Township Police Quality of Life Unit at (215) 322-6111 during regular business hours.
Extension of Time
Fire Marshal's OfficeExecutive Secretary
Mike Solomon
Minutes & Agendas
Internal pre-decisional deliberations of administrators, employees and Board members
Receive written requests for access to records submitted to the Township.
Tax Collector
Date of the response.
Zoning Hearing Board Meetings
About Us
Road Equipment
Website: http://www.northamptonrec.com
Login/Create Account
msolomon@nhtwp.org 
Bid proposals
Certification costs
Staffing Table
Real Estate Tax
0.5000 mills
2019 Final Budget
2023 BUDGET PRESENTATION 11.16.2022
Certain records relating to criminal and non-criminal investigations
2020 Budget Letter Of Transmittal
May 18, 20237:30 PM
Open Records Officer
Any child or adult with cognitive disabilities.
Identify Theft
Lisa Russo
May 6, 2023
Staffing Table 
PoliceLieutenant
Northampton Township officially became a township on December 14, 1722, covering 26.5 miles.  Although the origin of the name of the Township has never been officially verified, it is believed to have stemmed from the County of Northampton in the English midlands-one hundred miles north of London. 
Churchville
gderr@nhtwp.org 
Financial record - any account, voucher or contract dealing with the receipt or disbursement of funds or acquisition, use or disposal of services, supplies, materials, equipment or property; or the salary or other payments or expenses paid to an officer or employee, including the individual's name and title; and a financial audit report, excluding the audit's underlying work papers.
Phone: (215) 357-3050
2020 Adopted Budget Schedules
cpinkerton@nhtwp.org 
Actual Cost to Township
18
Tax Information  | Northampton Township
lkopacz@nhtwp.org 
Public WorksAdministrative Assistant
Fire Services
Commercial, Institutional, and Municipal Recycling
Parks & RecreationRecreation Coordinator
Thursday, Jun 8, 2023
Basin and Open Space Maintenance
Township employees shall be directed to forward requests for access to public records to the Open Records Officer. Requests not properly addressed to the Open Records Officer shall not be deemed received unless and until the Open Records Officer actually receives the written request.
Edie Hannah
Police Department
Library Board Meeting
Home
(215) 355-3433
Government
2022 Adopted Budget
Normally, records are available at the Township from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday each week except for certain holidays and when the offices are closed for emergencies.
F.I.N.D.S. PROGRAM (Family Information Network Data System)  | Northampton Township
My Account
Building & CodesOffice Assistant
PoliceLieutenant 
Definitions set forth in Act 3 of 2008:
F.I.N.D.S. PROGRAM (Family Information Network Data System) 
Fire Recovery
Announcement
Communication with insurance carriers
In short, only the information that you believe is necessary for the Police to have.  You control what we have on file.  Some information may include:
Northampton Township55 Township Road, Richboro, PA 18954								
 2022
reference letters and written criticisms
2021 Budget Worksheets 12 16 2021
Michele  Penecale 
includes real estate appraisals until decision made to proceed with lease, sale or acquisition of property
13
Problems with communication (Advising us about the best way to communicate with the family member).
Documents & Forms
FAQs
Title
Skip to content
8.8747 mills
applications for social services; or
Electronic records copied to disc
: 				
Department & Title
Human Resources
55 Township Road
Citizen's Email Alert Network
Zoning Hearing Board
speech and debate privilege - applicable to legislative functions
The Open Records Officer shall respond as promptly as possible under the circumstances then existing, and the initial response time shall not exceed five (5) business days from the date the written request is received by the Open Records Officer.
Mission, Vision & Values
Lynn  Kopacz
2021 Fund Detail Narratives 12 16 2020
Stormwater Management
HQ Business: (215) 322-6111
A copy of the Agency’s response (or a written statement that the request was deemed denied meaning the Agency didn’t respond at all).
doctor-patient communications; and
The first settlers of the Township were English, followed by the Dutch and the French Huguenots.  The Dutch brought with them a deep love for religion and founded churches wherever they settled.  The oldest church in the Township is the Addisville Reformed Church in Richboro, which traces its history to 1710.  Today there are churches of many dominations and a Synagogue servicing the religious needs of the community.  
If the written request is approved in full, maintain an electronic or paper copy of the written request, including all documents submitted with the request, until the request has been fulfilled.
If the Open Records Officer determines that an extension of time is required to respond to a request, in accordance with the factors stated in Act 3, written notice of the need for an extension shall be sent within five (5) business days of receipt of request. The notice shall indicate that the request for access is being reviewed, the reason that the review requires an extension; and a reasonable date by which the response can be expected.
Written requests shall be submitted to the Township in person, by mail, to a designated facsimile machine (if any) or to a designated e-mail address (if any). Any request received by the Township after normal office hours, 4:30 p.m. E.S.T., or on a day when the Township offices are closed, shall be deemed received the next day on which the Township offices are open.
Townwatch
lkane@nhtwp.org 
Seventy percent (70%) of the Township's total revenue comes from taxes. This revenue is used for police and fire protection, street repair and maintenance, recreation services and maintenance of facilities, library services, rescue services, capital improvement projects, and debt service.
Richboro,
View all How do I...? questions and answers
Monday-Thursday: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm								Friday: 8:30 am - 12:00 pm							
receptionist@nhtwp.org 
General Purpose
If the written request is denied or denied in part, maintain the written request for thirty (30) days or, if an appeal is filed, until a final determination is issued or the appeal is deemed denied.
The Open Records Officer may deny a request for access to or copies of a record if the requestor has made repeated requests for that same record and the repeated requests have placed an unreasonable burden on the Township.
The Board of Supervisors approves the real estate millage rate for the Township as part of the annual budget approval process. The following is the 2022 millage rate and breakdown:
(215) 357-6800 x206
Emergency Management
Description of the record requested.
jeopardize safety of the public, a building, infrastructure, information storage system, or resource; or
AdministrationAssistant Township Manager
Announcements
Contact & Directory
Hours
*Property taxes are expressed in terms of mills per dollar of assessed value. One mill is equal to one-tenth (1/10) of a penny or 1/1000 of a dollar. The property tax formula is the mill rate (divided by 1,000) multiplied by the assessed value of the property. For example, with a millage rate of 14.9111 mills and a $36,000 assessed value of a home the tax rate would be:
Open Records Requests Administrative Regulations and Policies
Snow & Ice Removal
Newsletters
0.7500 mills
Zoning Hearing Board Meeting
May
result in loss of Federal or State funds;
AdministrationTownship Manager
narmani@nhtwp.org 
Trash & Recycling
mpenecale@nhtwp.org 
Name and address of the individual to receive the Township's response.
confidential personal information such as social security number, driver's license, financial information, email address and personal phone numbers
Telephone
Website: http://northamptontaxcollector.wordpress.com/
Free Library of Northampton25 Upper Holland RoadRichboro, PA 18954 
Robert Pellegrino
Parks & RecreationExecutive Secretary
Department History
Barbara Primavera
Employment Opportunities
Resources
Building & CodesExecutive Secretary
Duplication costs
Meetings
(215) 357-6800 x254
2023 Bucks County Household Hazardous Waste Collection Events
2019 Budget Letter Of Transmittal
Denial of Request
Public WorksPublic Works Director
Please use separate checks for each tax bill. SORRY, NO CASH IS ACCEPTED.
2019 Schedules
Wednesday, May 24, 2023
Lorrie Kane
academic transcript
Reducing False Alarms
Library Services
Fax: (215) 357-0234
Tax Information 
Records which, if disclosed, would
General Ordinance Amendments
WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS PROGRAM?
The upcoming events and meetings in and around our Township
Adopt-A-Hydrant
Comprehensive Plan Update
degan@nhtwp.org 
Holland
If the Open Records Officer denies a request for access to or copies of a record, whether in whole or in part, a written response shall be sent within five (5) business days of receipt of the request. The response denying the request shall include the following:
Personal notes and working papers of an individual, includes message slips
Parks and Recreation Board Meeting
Charles Pinkerton
Ambulance Services
Police Accident Reports
(215) 357-6800 x208
Historical Commission
(215) 357-6800 x245
Name, title, business address, business telephone number, and signature of the Open Records Officer on whose authority the denial is issued.
© 2021 Northampton Township. All rights reserved.
Skiely@nhtwp.org 
Special Event Videos
jwyant@nhtwp.org 
Tax Office
Veterans
Senior Center Services
Contact & Directory  | Northampton Township
Specifically, upon receiving a request for access to a record, the Open Records Officer shall:
slecompte@nhtwp.org 
David  Egan 
Sheila Jobs
If the Open Records Officer responds to a requestor that a copy of the requested record is available for delivery at the administration office and the requestor does not retrieve the record within sixty (60) days of the Township's response, the Township shall dispose of the copied records and retain any fees paid to date.
Budget Information  | Northampton Township
Fax: (215) 357-2059
Building & CodesBuilding Inspector
Prepayment of an estimate of fees is required if reproduction of the records is expected by the Open Records Officer to cost in excess of one hundred dollars ($100.00). The response of the Open Records Officer shall so state if prepayment is required. If the actual cost is less than the estimate, the Open Records Officer shall return the difference to the requestor. If the actual cost is higher than the estimate, the requestor shall pay the difference prior to the copies being given or sent to the requestor.
Senior Center ServicesSenior Center Services Director
Virtual Zoom Meetings
The Open Records Officer may deny a request for access to a record when timely access is not possible due to a fire, flood or other disaster, or when access may cause physical damage or irreparable harm to the record. To the extent possible, the contents of a record shall be made accessible even when the record is physically unavailable due to fire, flood or other disaster.
Helpful Pages
(215) 357-1343 
Phone: (215) 355-3883
NOTE: Other confidentiality restrictions may apply to employee records under other laws.
6:00 PM
sjobs@nhtwp.org 
In General - the Open Records Officer shall:
PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT
Parks and Recreation Full-Time Recreation Aquatics Coordinator-APPLY NOW!
spachman@nhtwp.org 
Someone who is employed in Northampton Township
View All Meetings
Jennifer Fean
2021 Budget Adopted 12 16 2020
Any child or adult with intellectual disabilities.
12
Vince Deon
Meeting
(215) 322-6111
Documents will not be considered public records if they fall outside the definition of "public record" under the Pennsylvania Right to Know Law or meet one of the exceptions for public records contained within the Law. Documents which do not qualify as public records include the following (this list is intended as a summary or short-hand explanation and is not intended to be inclusive or to modify or supersede the legal requirements of the Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law):
How to File an Appeal
For complex and extensive data sets, including geographic information systems or integrated property assessment lists, fees for copying may be based on the reasonable market value of same or closely-related data sets. These fees shall not apply to a request by an individual employed by or connected with a newspaper or magazine of general circulation, weekly publication, press association or radio or television station, for the purpose of obtaining information for publication of broadcast, or to a request by a non-profit organization for the conduct of educational research.
3.000 mills
Fire Prevention Week
2022 Executive Budget Summary 11 17 2021
April 14, 2023
Code of Ordinances
Municipal Authority
Boards, Commissions & Committees
bprimavera@nhtwp.org 
OVERVIEW
Letting us know if they are fearful of Uniformed Officers.
7:00 PM
lrusso@nhtwp.org 
Departments
Scott Pachman
Records of an individual's
Events
Facebook
LERTA Program
 2019
Traffic Safety
Roads
Bill Martin
A recent photograph of the family member (to help us identify the family member more accurately).
rmp@nhtwp.org 
Monday-Thursday: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm					Friday: 8:30 am - 12:00 pm				
(215) 357-6800 x210
sschwengels@nhtwp.org 
CLOSED: Federal, State, County & Township Holidays and Election Days.
(215)-357-5396 x312
1.6280 mills
Keystone Collections Group’s e-file is the easy, fast and secure way to file your 2020 tax return. It lets you file your tax return when it is most convenient for you. You will need your W-2, your Social Security Number and any other income documents that may apply (such as a PA-UE or a Schedule C).
Calendar
Residents of Northampton Township
Neither the Township nor the Open Records Officer shall require an explanation of the reason for the request or the intended use of the requested record, unless otherwise required by law.
Snow & Mailbox Damage Policy
Life was never dull for farmers or their counterparts on the farm. Activities included big political parades and Memorial Day parades to the local cemetery, church and school picnics, serenades of banging pots and pans at the homes of newlyweds, carnivals and dinners at the firehouse, chautauquas when people gathered to enjoy plays, reading poetry, and listen to and partake in discussions, and of course, the trips to and competition in the county fairs. Today, many landmarks have changed or disappeared, and new activities have replaced the old.  Most of the major roads in Northampton remained unpaved until the late 1930’s and early 1940’s. 
Identification or description of the requested record, in sufficient detail to enable the Township to ascertain which records are being requested.
Fees for duplication and, where applicable, document retrieval will be charged according to the following fee schedule which shall be periodically updated:
AdministrationExecutive Assistant to the Township Manager
Northampton Township  | Northampton Township
Postage
Drafts of policies, resolutions or administrative regulations
Senior Center ServicesCommunications Specialist
Cindy Mateer
Parks & RecreationProgram Assistant 
Recreation Services
2018 Letter of Transmittal
Trivia Tuesday
Northampton Township is a second-class township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, about 12 miles northeast of Philadelphia. The population was 39,726 at the 2010 census.
Mon-Fri: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm			
tschaible@nhtwp.org 
Trash & RecyclingCollection types and schedulesNorthampton Valley Country ClubThe premier golf course and country club in the Philadelphia areaSpecial Event VideosTthe Northampton Township Special Event Video PageParks & RecreationVisit our Parks & Recreation section for the latest eventsLibraryThe Free Library of Northampton TownshipSenior Center ServicesNorthampton Township Senior Center ServicesFacility RentalsForms and policies for the Library, Recreation Facilities and the James E. Kinney Senior CenterMeeting VideosVideo archive of Northampton Township meetings 
HOW CAN I GET MORE INFORMAITON ABOUT ENROLLING A FAMILY MEMBER?
Site Map
Documents
By the middle of the 19th century, the Township had five small villages: Jacksonville, Richboro, Addisville, Churchville, and Rocksville.  Today, Jacksonville is considered Ivyland, Addisville is Richboro, and Rocksville is Holland. 
Sign Up To Receive News Alerts and Announcements
May 22, 20236:00 PM
Tina Schaible
jeopardize computer security
Records of employees:
Parks and Recreation Board Cancelled
State the grounds they assert this is a public record
Jun
Debbie Catoggio
Local Services Tax (LST)
 2023
Paper copying charge
Earned Income Tax (EIT)
A requestor may consent in writing to an extension that exceeds thirty (30) days, in which case the request shall be deemed denied on the day following the date specified in the notice if the Open Records Officer has not provided a response by that date.
22
tleone@nhtwp.org 
(215) 357-6800
AdministrationReceptionist
Sunday Stories
Right-To-Know Request Form
Granting Of Request
Building & CodesPlanning and Zoning Director
Information that is not subject to access or is redacted from a public record which has been produced shall be deemed a denial as to that information.
Temporary residents of Northampton Township
A copy of the RTK request
News
Close menu
Public Works
Download PDFs to utilize bookmark features to navigate the budget documents.
(215) 357-1343
 2020
Seasonal Tips
(215) 357-3050
Name, Age, Home Address.

(215) 357-8199
Bulk Items
Services
More
WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS KEPT ON FILE?
View Contacts & Directory
A great place to live and call home
Even though the landscape looks very different from the birth of the Township, Northampton Township has remained a great place to live and call home. Many of Northampton's farms have become housing developments and the township is currently the home of 40,000 inhabitants who enjoy its free library, senior center, parks, nature center, golf courses, athletic fields and shopping centers. 
Fire Department
Household Hazardous Waste & Electronics Collection
Master Trail & Bicycle Facilities Plan
If you have questions regarding local tax filing, visit Keystone’s Frequently Asked Questions or call Keystone’s Taxpayer Helpline at 1-888-328-0565 to speak with a local, knowledgeable Taxpayer Service Agent. You can also email your questions 24/7 to Taxpayer Support. Taxpayer Service Agents try to respond to all online inquiries within three business days. 
Review and respond to written requests in accordance with law, Board policy and administrative regulations.
All written requests for access to a public record shall be submitted on the required form attached hereto as Attachment "A", or on the state form, and addressed to the Open Records Officer.
mristow@nhtwp.org 
Procedure for the requestor to appeal the denial of access or copies.
08
Overview
F.I.N.D.S. PROGRAM (Family Information Network Data System)
bsatterley@nhtwp.org 
7:30 PM
Response to Request
The appeal must be submitted to the Office of Open Records within 15 business days of the mailing date of the Agency’s response. Appeals should be sent to the Office of Open Records, Commonwealth Keystone Building, 400 North St., 4th Floor, Harrisburg, PA 17120-0225. They may also be submitted via facsimile to 717-425-5343 or via email to openrecords@pa.gov as a Microsoft Word or PDF attachment.
Richboro
Record - information, regardless of physical form or characteristics, that documents a Township transaction or activity and is created, received or retained pursuant to law or in connection with a Township transaction, business or activity, including: a document; paper; letter; map; book; tape; photograph; film or sound recording; information stored or maintained electronically; and a data processed or image-processed document.
Public Access to Township Records Which Qualify as Public Records Under State Law
Ensure Township staff are trained to perform assigned job functions relative to requests for access to records.
Sinead  Kiely
(215) 357-6800 x209
bmartin@nhtwp.org 
Building & CodesPermits Coordinator
Non-Emergency: (215) 357-8700
 rtk@nhtwp.org
Parks & RecreationParks & Recreation Director
Collection & Holiday Schedule
WHAT SPECIAL NEEDS MAKES A PERSON ELIGIBLE?
Fax: (215) 357-3650
Mortgage companies pays your escrowed taxes within the discount period. If you are concerned, please forward your tax bill to them when you receive them.
Freon
Charles Rochelle
 2021
Tuesday, Jun 13, 2023
Administrative Regulations And Policies
Up to a thirty (30) day extension for one (1) of the listed reasons does not require the consent of the requestor. If the response is not given by the specified date, it shall be deemed denied on the day following that date.
Photographs
Telephone 
Tax OfficeTax Collector
Fire Marshal's Office
Crime Prevention
Procedure for Requesting Records
Parks & RecreationOperations Manager
Meeting Videos - Planning Commission
Privileged communications:
The Township is made up of the following unincorporated communities and census-designated places:
csutherland@nhtwp.org 
An earned income tax (EIT) of 1% on gross earnings for individuals and net profits for businesses is imposed on everyone living or working in the Township. This tax is distributed evenly between the Township and Council Rock School District, each receiving 0.5%. The collection of the EIT generates 31% of the revenues received by the Township.
employee assistance program information
(215) 357-6800 x243
Northampton Township Police111 Township RoadRichboro, PA 18954 
$.10 per transmission$.10 per attachment
Veterans Advisory Commission
discipline, demotion and discharge (except for final action of discharge or discipline)
Executive Session minutes or record of discussion
Website: http://www.northamptontownshiplibrary.org
Ehannah@nhtwp.org 
Social
History of Northampton Township
2023 Northampton Township Preliminary Budget 11.16.2022
21.6111 mills
2018 Schedules
Documents Not Qualifying As Public Records:
likely lead to physical harm or personal security of a person;
April 19, 2023
Contact Information
Name
Records identifying the name, home address or date of birth of a child (17 years of age or younger)
Planning Commission Meeting
Building & Codes
Vince Deon is our elected tax collector and is responsible for collecting Real Estate Taxes. Please click here for his website and contact information.
grievances and complaints of discrimination
Street Map
Frank Fenton
(215) 355-3883
(215) 322-6111 x1140
Meeting Videos -Board of Supervisors
Monday, May 22, 2023
Right to Know Requests 
Phone: (215) 355-3433
Parks & RecreationRecreation Manager
Library
(215) 357-6800 x211
Northampton Township
Electronic records copied to paper
May 24, 20237:00 PM
View All Events
Finance
Website Feedback
Parks & Recreation Meetings
2021 Memorial Day Ceremony
1.7284 mills
Facility Rentals
Telephone & Email Directory
If a written request for access to a record is denied or deemed denied, the requestor may file an appeal with the state's Office of Open Records within fifteen (15) business days of the mailing date of the Open Records Officer's response or deemed denial.
May 25th-June 1st,  June 15th-June 19th, July 2nd-July 6th & December 24th-December 29th.
(215) 357-6800 x201
A local services tax is paid by everyone working in the Township. The tax is $52.00 per year. This tax is usually collected by payroll withholding and remitted to the tax collector. Any individual making less than $12,000 in a calendar year can file for an exemption with their employer.
