Named by Smithsonian Magazine in the top ten best small towns in America; Butler, PA, is home to 14,000 residents. For more than 200 years, Butler has been home to industry, family owned businesses and marking its place in history. Butler County has been an industrial center since the early 1800’s to the birthplace of the Bantam Jeep in 1940. From oil refining roots to the present-day Marcellus Shale boom, from railroad car manufacturing in the past, to the headquarters of Westinghouse Nuclear today, Butler County is the industrial hub of the area. Our downtown shopping and restaurant district is a thriving, nationally accredited Main Street community. As the county seat, Butler is also the hub of government and commercial activity. Conveniently close to the city of Pittsburgh and its world-class education medicine, arts and sports, Butler truly provides residents with metropolitan living and small town convenience.
 ©  2018 - City of Butler, Pennsylvania - 140 West North Street, Butler, PA 16001 - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy
 	2023 Council Minutes Jan 26
Hazardous Materials and Electronics Collection Days
City of Butler, Pennsylvania
Reporting Street Light Outage-West Penn Power
Butler Downtown is a grassroots revitalization initiative involving local citizens and people from business, education, government and community organizations throughout the region.
Our Offices
 
For Businesses/Commercial
Forms
Pennsylvania American Water updated message to our customers regarding the East Palestine train derailment. Despite the fact that there is no geographic connection of our water sources to the impacted area, we conducted testing following the incident and had no detection of compounds of concern. Pennsylvania American Water continues to meet state and federal drinking water standards. As part of our daily water quality protocol, we monitor the water coming from these supplies and perform water quality tests during the treatment process. The health and safety of our customers are a top priority, the company will provide updates upon any developments.
Open Records Policy
Year 2023
Butler City Building
 The City of Butler is the county seat for Butler County, PA. Our historic City Building was constructed in 1909. 
Noise Ordinance
FAQ’s
News
Submit 
Pennsylvania American Water press release
Click on link for the press release: PA – 2023 Feb – East Palestine Train Derailment Response
Employment Opportunities
Burning Ordinance
Parks, Recreation and Public Property
Asbestos Fact Sheet for Contractors 12-2015
Parks/Recreation & Public Property

November 11 at 690 Valencia Road, Mars (Adams Township)
COVID-19 Updates
If you notice a streetlight or outdoor area light is out, please use this form to let us know about the problem. Thank you for helping to keep our community safe.  https://www.firstenergycorp.com/service_requests/report-lighting-problem.html
Δ
Contact
Did you know the jeep was born here? Butler also hosts the Bantam Jeep Heritage Festival, which in 2011 broke the Guinness World Record for most jeeps in a parade.
The City of Butler owns a 1909 Huselton and a 1941 Bantam Jeep built in Butler, PA.  The Butler Old Stone House maintains our Huselton and Jeep.
City of residence
May 13 at 207 Ash Stop Road, Evans City (Forward Township)
Environmental Awareness
Asbestos Instructions 6-2016
Main (724) 285-4124
Asbestos Abatement and Demo Notification Form
140 West North Street
Full name(required)
 
City Council Meeting Time Change
For more information, visit: www.dep.pa.gov.
 Emergency: 9-1-1
Trash Collection & Recycling
Building Permits
Butler County Tourism Butler County Chamber County of Butler Butler City Police Dept.  
Right To Know Request Form
Improvement Initiatives
Streets and Public Improvement
Accounts and Finance
City Parking
Butler City General Code
Home
Starting a Business
Initiatives
Streets & Public Improvement
April 1 at 150 Henricks Road, Butler (Center Township)
For Residents
Contact us
To obtain copies of the NESHAP regulations, the notification form or other information, please contact the local DEP regional office:
About us
City of Butler | Contact
Commercial Recycling
Residential Utilities
Door to Door Solicitation Permits
Bureau of Fire
Butler City Code
Pet Ordinance
Mayor
The City Council of the City of Butler has changed the meeting time for its March 23rd, April 13th, April 27th, and May 11th meetings.  Meeting times on these dates will be 6:30pm, in Council Chambers, Third Floor, City Building, 140 West North Street, Butler, Pennsylvania.
Asbestos is a generic term used to describe a variety of natural mineral fibers.  Because asbestos, in certain forms, has been determined to cause serious health problems, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) regulates the removal, collection, transportation and disposal of asbestos-containing materials.  The building must be thoroughly inspected for ACM prior to any renovation or demolition.  Notification for projects in Pennsylvania are submitted on the ―Asbestos Abatement and Demolition/Renovation Notification‖ form.
 […]MoreButler is city and county seat of Butler County in the US state of Pennsylvania, situated 35 miles north of Pittsburgh. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 13,757.
Section 504/ADA Plan
Meeting Minutes
City of Butler | Asbestos Information
Announcement:
Budget
Residents will be required to pre-register to attend these events and are scheduled for an approximate arrival time which helps to keep attendees from waiting in long lines. The Noble Environmental web site can be found here: https://nobleenviro.com/ or they can call 412-567-6566. At the top of the web page, click on “Ewaste and HHW Collections” to find the registration page and details about attending an event. Please note that only cards are accepted for payment. Cash and checks are not accepted.
Butler, PA was named one of the Best 20 Small Towns in America by Smithsonian Magazine.
Bureau of Police
All messages are sent to the Clerk of the City of Butler, who will forward them to the appropriate department. If this is an emergency, please call 9-1-1. Do not use this form for emergency contact.
City of Butler | Welcome to Butler, Pennsylvania
Notice to Bidders
Fair Housing
City of ButlerWelcome to Butler, Pennsylvania
FAQ
City Treasurer
Asbestos Information
Email address(required)
Elected Officials
Looking for a form?
July 15 at 191 Election House Road, Prospect (Franklin Township)
Northwest Regional Office – 814-332-6940 (Butler, Clarion, Crawford, Elk, Erie, Forest, Jefferson, Lawrence, McKean, Mercer, Venango, and Warren counties)
City Clerk
Butler County has just received DEP collection permit approval to hold its 2023 Household Hazardous Waste and Electronics collection events for our county residents as follows:
Building & Zoning
Council ActionsMeeting Minutes
Butler Area Sewer Authority has a developed a website for information concerning the potential sale of the authority.  website:  https://www.resources4basacustomers.org/
The LatestCity of Butler Council Minutes - 2023MINUTES
City Departments
Public Safety
Need to reach us? Phone numbers
Butler, PA 16001-5298
PagesAbout the City of Butler
Let us help youHave questions?
Butler is a great place to live, work, and relax!
Message(required)
September 2 at 157 Airport Road, Butler (Penn Township)
City Council Meeting
Building and Zoning
Where would you like it sent?
Schedule
Fax (724) 285-6880
Boards and Authorities
Frequent Questions
