May
Martinis with Monet Tickets Now Available 
Arrow Left
The regular Board of Supervisors meeting scheduled for Thursday, May 4 has been canceled.						Read on...
Slideshow Right Arrow
22						
Government Websites by CivicPlus®
BUSINESS
SERVICES
Event Aims to Replace Worn License Plates 
Work to upgrade sports courts at UPMC Passavant Sportsplex at Graham Park is set to begin March 13.						Read on...
Accessibility
LIBRARY
25						
GOLF COURSE
Cranberry’s annual Memorial Day remembrance ceremony will once again honor those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice.						Read on...
	Latest News
Bill Payment Options
Notify Me
Skip to Main Content

Waste Collection
Memorial Day Ceremony Set May 28 
Arrow Right
    
Hydrant Flushing to Begin 
Girl Scouts Honored with State Award 
Do Not Show Again
Employment
Loading
16						
 
Courts Closed During Upgrade Project 
Sponsors, Vendors Sought for Community Days 
Employee Access
Building Permits
What Are They Building?
Primary Election
Water going down the drain over the next few months is helping keep Cranberry’s water supply flowing cleanly.						Read on...
Registration Open for Community Chase 5K Run/Walk 
Library Board Meeting
Progress on Progress: Agreements move road project forward 
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Board Meeting Canceled 
GovernmentDepartmentsCommunityBusinessServicesHow Do I?
Quick Links
View All News >
The Cranberry Township Volunteer Fire Company’s efforts to keep the community safe received financial support from two regional entities.						Read on...
Board of Supervisors Meeting
Property Finder
Dick Hadley's pride and dedication to making the Township a better place lives on in perpetuity at Cranberry Highlands Golf Course, where the cart path bridge was officially dedicated in Hadley’s name on May 12.						Read on...
Online Portal
Waterpark Opening Day!
A commitment to service from Girl Scout Troop #20546 took center stage during the April 27 Board of Supervisors meeting, with the Board acknowledging the Troop’s Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors (PSATS) Youth Award victory.						Read on...
Keep it Clean: Grant to help cover recycling cart expense 
Cranberry Township - Official Website | Official Website
            
Golf Course Bridge Dedicated to Hadley 
29						
The annual Community Chase 5K Run/Walk, held in conjunction with Cranberry Township Community Chest’s Community Days celebration, is set for 8:30 a.m. Saturday, July 15.						Read on...
There’s progress being made on a long-awaited project at a busy Township intersection.						Read on...
The biggest event of the summer is taking shape in Cranberry Township, and you can be a major part of it.						Read on...
PUBLIC SAFETY
ECODE 360
Microsoft Forms
/Calendar.aspx
Loading…
Copyright Notices
  
Cranberry Township Customer ServiceMonday - Friday, 7:30 AM - 5:00 PM2525 Rochester Road Suite 400 Cranberry Township, PA  16066-6499Phone: 724-776-4806 Contact Us
	Stay Connected
28						
Search
Grants Support Fire Safety Education Training 
	Events & Activities
Site Map
Memorial Day
                Loading
27						
VFW Memorial Day Event
Read On
Contact Us
View All Events >
Martinis with Monet is set from 7-9 p.m. Wednesday, July 12 at the Municipal Center.						Read on...
Payments
/CivicAlerts.aspx
The Township’s mission to reduce, reuse, and recycle also includes the very carts that hold those items.						Read on...
PARKS & REC
Slideshow Left Arrow
Close
State Rep. Stephenie Scialabba will host a Hard-to-Read License Plate event from 2-4 p.m. Friday, June 2 at the Cranberry Township Police Department, 2525 Rochester Road.						Read on...
[]
Monitor Water Usage
