Visit our Applications & Permits page for available forms.
May
Open Records » Buffalo Township
Planning Commission
 
Parks & Recreational Committee
Road Closures/Road Maintenance
Our Dog Officer is Gary Hoffman with Hoffman Kennels, Inc. The phone number for Hoffman Kennels is  724-468-5505. 
Board of Supervisors
Right to Know Request Form
Meeting Agendas
SPC Information
Phone:  (724) 295-9500
https://www.doglicenses.us/PA/Butler/
Township Office
Tax Collection
Resources
Marc Fleischman, Zoning Officer
Dog Officer
Audubon Society Events
News & Announcements
Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission (SPC) Information

Municipal Authority Meeting

The (SPC), the region’s official transportation planning organization for Southwestern Pennsylvania, is actively seeking public input on the region’s Transportation Improvement Program and Active Transportation Plan!
Preserving the Past, Looking to the Future
See all News & Announcements
Police Office
Tax Collector
Buffalo Township
Leaf Drop-Off
Pennsylvania Landowners Guide to Utility-Scale Solar Leasing
Transportation Improvement Program (TIP)
The Township Tax Collector does not have an office in the Township Building. The Township Office...
Marc Fleischman is the New Zoning Officer for Buffalo Township, Sarver, PA.  He was hired in 2023 to replace Rick Healey.  His responsibilities as Zoning Officer include the enforcement of the existing Zoning Ordinance, processing and issuing building permits and providing information to the residents of the township regarding zoning questions or concerns. The position of Zoning Officer is a part time position.  Should you have questions regarding zoning issues, please call 412-549-1056 or email at MFleischman@buffalotownship.com. Your call if not answered, will be returned as quickly as possible.
ZONING OFFICER
We encourage you to share this information via your email and social media networks. Visit SPC’s Facebook page to share our posts and information. You can also easily share this information (via Facebook, newsletter, etc.).
Monday – Friday7:00am – 4:00pm
Staples Recycling Every Day 2023
Office Hours
Questions about dog licenses?
There are no upcoming events at this time
Municipal Code Association
Open Records Officer
Employment
Dog Officer » Buffalo Township
Uniform Construction Code Appeals Board
 
Ordinances
Butler, PA 16001
109 Bear Creek RoadSarver, PA 16055
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday 7:00 am – 3:00 pm
IMPORTANT:  Rainbow Fentanyl
18
(724) 295-2648
Municipal Authority of Buffalo Township (MABT)
Zoning Officer » Buffalo Township
Building Inspector
EMS
Community & Government Links
Police Department
Home
Please read the attached letter from District Attorney Richard A. Goldinger regarding the concern...
History
Township Manager, Rich Hill will be available from 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Monday, Wednesday and Friday...
FREE TECH TAKE BACK AT STAPLES
See All Events
Zoning Officer
Boards
Recycling
Summer Office Hours: (effective May 22, 2023)
About
MS4 Stormwater Management
Robyn Fleischman will be in the Lobby of the Township Building to collect tax payments on...
Vacancy Board
Fax:  (724) 295-4004
Drop off Location:  Northern end of the Lernerville Speedway Parking Lot.  Follow the Signs to the...
LEAF DROP-OFF AT LERNERVILLE SPEEDWAY IS NOW OPEN!  LEAVES ONLY!!
2022 Elected Officials (PDF)
REP. MUSTELLO’S HARD TO READ LICENSE PLATE EVENT
Municipal Authority
Sewage Enforcement Officer
Spring Tax Collection Notice
Forms & Information
7:30 pm
Departments
read more
7:00 pm
Marc Fleischman is the New Zoning Officer for Buffalo Township, Sarver, PA.  He will be available...
Meeting Minutes
1227 Sunset Drive
Administration
Emergency Services
Dog licensing is done through Butler County NOT through the Township. Please visit the county links below for information.
Right to Know Fee Structure

Upcoming Meetings
Zoning Hearing Board
Please click the link below regarding Rep. Mustello's Hard-To-Read License Plate Event on...
Utilities
Act 13
Board of Supervisor Secondary Meeting
Zoning
Road Department
Phone: (724) 295-2648
Sewage Enforcement Officer » Buffalo Township
Calendar
Township Manager
Tax Collectors 
FAQ
Open Records/Right-to-Know
https://extension.psu.edu/pennsylvania-landowners-guide-to-utility-scale-solar-leasing
Road Closures
Richard G. Hill, Jr. – Please contact Township Manager, Richard G. Hill, Jr. at Rhill@buffalotownship.com.
Home » Buffalo Township
Fax:  (724) 295-4004
Find out more »
Fire Departments
© 2022 Buffalo Township | Website Design by GovUnity
Emergency Management
724-841-0141
Applications & Permits
24
Board of Auditors
SPC Information » Buffalo Township
Search for:
Popular Resources
Reminder Regarding Twp. Taxes
https://www.butlercountypa.gov/368/Dog-Licenses
