Hike Through A Hidden Forest Then Dine At A Small-Town Diner On This Delightful Adventure In Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania 
Des Moines
  0  shares       Share on Facebook     Pin it on Pinterest       
Hawaii
Boise
Rhode Island
Pennsylvania’s Abandoned Turnpike Is An Eerily Awesome Relic
Orlando
Boot Lake Trail In Indiana Is So Little-Known, You Just Might Have It All To Yourself
It’s hard to believe that a town like this is forgotten right here in Pennsylvania, crumbling without too many people knowing it existence.
Sign Up
 
States
Denver
Indianapolis
Thank you! You will receive your first email soon.
Park along route 209 at the coordinates: N 40° 52.331 W 075° 45.628
facebook 
Illinois
Accessibility
Cincinnati
Mississippi
New York
Nominate
instagram 
by Kathleen Butler, Guest Contributor 
Hemlock Trail In Somerset, Pennsylvania Is So Little-Known, You Just Might Have It All To Yourself
By Laurie Riihimaki
Kathleen Butler 
SubscribeStates
Buffalo
By Emily Tieman
Utah
Vermont
North Carolina
Texas
youtube 
 menu
By Christi
Georgia
Attractions, Small Towns  October 26, 2016
facebook
This Vermont Town Is One Of The Most Peaceful Places To Live In The Country
Contact Us - Only In Your State ®
0
There are a few spots to park along this highway, but this seems to be the best spot. There is only enough room for about 3 cars.
New Orleans
Copyright Policy
Tampa
St. Louis
Nebraska
OnlyInYourState takes a fun, informal approach to helping readers discover things to do in each of the 50 states. We are read by more than 30,000,000 people per month. If you’d like to contact us, please use the appropriate links below:

Michigan
Milwaukee
Philadelphia
A Journey Through This Pennsylvania Ghost Town Is One You Won’t Forget
Arizona
San Antonio
Summer day trip
There Are 3 World-Famous BBQ Restaurants In The City Of Jackson, Michigan
The trail led right to a “bridge. The pipe itself is sturdy, but using the wire rail and occasionally relying on the boards was making this a venturesome crossing.
Your e-mail: 
Pin It
Vacation
Pennsylvania
Dallas – Fort Worth
Tweet This
There is steel rope bridge suspended over the stream that you can cross too. It’s best to do this while heading back.
Privacy Notice
Then sign up for our newsletter!
Submit
spinner 
By Raymond Goldfield
It’s about a ½ mile walk to the worn trail entrance you’ll be looking for that’ll be on the right. You’ll need to pass a small building that will be on the left, and it’s just down a bit from there. Don’t get confused with the worn vehicle trails that you will see.
Subscribe to PA
New Hampshire
Tennessee
Columbus
search 
Montana
Wisconsin
Boston
All other inquiries, please use: contact@onlyinyourstate.com
Los Angeles
twitter 
Louisiana
pinterest
shares
 
subscribe
Copyright 2023, Leaf Group Lifestyle
Minneapolis
Portland
pinterest 
Salt Lake City
South Dakota
Massachusetts
Honolulu
There were two more ruins on the other side of the stream.
Minnesota
Maryland
Travel Insights
Nature
Shopping
Complete With Water Slides And A Lazy River, Greene County Water Park In Pennsylvania Is A Hidden Gem
Things to do
This Abandoned Highway Through America’s Heartland Is Painfully Beautiful
California Notice of Collection
Dining
Life
Past this area was another ruin. It is nestled by the stream and close to the base of the mountain. Again, trees are growing inside and the walls are collapsing inward.
Oklahoma
Nashville
Miami
Nestled in the woods between Route 209 and Lehigh River/Lehigh Valley Gorge near Jim Thorpe Pennsylvania (formally Mauch Chunk Pennsylvania, “The Switzerland of America”), was once a town that consisted of a few houses that stood on an acre or two of land. Foundations still exist of where homes once stood.
Cleveland
Established in the late 1700s, Lausanne had the potential of becoming a booming rail and coal town. But floods plagued the area and when it went up for sale, the asking price was too much and the rail and coal industry was starting to thrive more in surrounding areas. This was the ultimate demise of this town.
Only In Pennsylvania
Albuquerque
Atlanta
Love Pennsylvania?
The town name of Lausanne is no longer, however, there is now the Township of Lausanne.
Delaware
This Hidden Cabin Is Full Of Charm And Perfect For An Escape Into Nature
Pittsburgh
Baltimore
Seattle
Posted in Pennsylvania 
Share on Facebook
Arlington
Manage Preferences
The Historic Lucerne Inn In Maine Is Notoriously Haunted And We Dare You To Spend The Night
Teeming With Adventure, There Are Actually 28 Bodies Of Water On The Eagle River Chain In Wisconsin
We walked off old Stagecoach Road onto a worn path and approached what appeared to be a camp area with a large fire pit and a skull of an animal on a tree (which was an eerie sight.)
There is a lightly worn trail at the end of the parking area. Go down that trail and you’ll be led to an area that is mostly populated by ferns and other brush. You can still walk through it without bushwhacking.
Kentucky
Missouri
Detroit
By Marla S.
North Dakota
Most People Have No Idea This Unique Tunnel In Pennsylvania Exists
Kansas
Haunted hotels
Alaska
Virginia
OnlyInYourState may earn compensation through affiliate links in this article. 
By Ben Jones
About
Charlotte
The Adorable Children’s Bookstore In Pennsylvania, Children’s Book World, Is Every Bookworm’s Dream
Terms of Use
By Sarah McCosham
By Sophia
The Adventure:
How To Get Here:
Connecticut
discover Pennsylvania
Subscribe
Iowa
Quaint vermont towns
The best hidden gems and little known destinations - straight to your inbox.
instagram
Get Featured
Cities
Related Articles
Once you have found the worn hiking trail, go down and follow that trail that hooks left. You’ll be led to the bridge that will need to cross over a stream. Once you have crossed, keep going. You’ll go over another smaller stream, keep going until the trail gets wider and splits at the base of the mountain. Go left and it will bring you to most of the ruins. To get to the two more complete ruins, keep following the trail that continues over the stream. Here are two more ruins that seemed to have been the bridge. Cross that and follow that trail. The ruins are not too far off the trail.
Nature is doing what it does best, reclaiming the grounds where man has once made his home. A few structures are hard to make out as trees, bushes, and weeds grow in them, but other structures must have been homes.
South Carolina
Most People Don’t Know There’s A Fountain Of Youth Hiding Deep In Pennsylvania’s Woods
 search
DMCA/Removal Info
We continued hiking and exploring the area and went back to the stream with the two opposing walls and crossed the stream.
We continued down old Stagecoach Road and came across two walls, each on the opposing side of the stream that is running through here.
Memphis
Austin
Kansas City
San Francisco
(One of those ruins is more intact than the others in the area.)
It is a downhill hike to the railroad tracks. Once you have arrived at the railroad tracks, you’ll need to go left. Always be sure to mark the spot you came out of so you can find it on your way back.
youtube
Jacksonville
Phoenix
Arkansas
Advertise With Us
  
San Diego
Louisville
Search
Idaho
Ohio
(It would make sense that this was a bridge.)
View our Instagram
Northern California
Chicago
D.C.
Galveston
Wyoming
Not too far from the fork in the trail (pictured), you'll find one of the ruins. What appears to have been a home is now a crumbled structure with trees growing in what was once the inside. Rocks from the walls have collapsed inward, making it a slightly treacherous walk inside the former home.
Is there something we can help you find?
Pennsylvania In Your Inbox
New Jersey
New Mexico
Southern California
Florida
Crowded Closet Is A Massive Thrift Shop In Iowa That’s Almost Too Good To Be True
An error occured.
Contact Us
Washington
Alabama
By Beth Price-Williams
Cookie Notice
By Tori Jane
Houston
Love Pennsylvania? Get more stories delivered right to your email.
Indiana
Maine
Gulf Shores
Nevada
(As you’re walking back from the ruins, after crossing the small stream and before the bigger stream, turn left and keep walking down that slightly worn path. You will eventually see it. We crossed it and headed back up the hill to the train tracks.)
Attractions
Oregon
Colorado
It was a beautiful hike as my family and I made our way to the toll bridge, exploring the area. It was a clear day in June, not a cloud in the sky and the sun barely getting through the dense population of rhododendrons that surrounded this trail.
By Beth
The Friendly Small Town In Ohio That’s Perfect For A Summer Day Trip
bars 
envelope 
West Virginia
How To Find The Ghost Town Of Lausanne In Pennsylvania
