3
Notify Me®Sign up for notifications
	
Arrow Left
Financial Dashboard
Emergency Management Planning Commission Meeting
Th
16
Slideshow Right Arrow
1
F
31
8
Wed, May 17  
Home Health Care Waste Disposal
Staff Directory • Upper Uwchlan Township, PA • CivicEngage
23
Pick-Up InformationThe Township will provide one 96-gallon wheeled container for trash and one 96-gallon wheeled container for recycling, which are to be used as the PRIMARY containers for trash/recycling collection. The containers have wheels and handles and are easy to maneuver. The carts also have attached hinged lids to keep out pests, reduce odors, and prevent blowing litter. The carts are Township property and should be left at the property should you move.Comprehensive Trash and Recycling Info: "Recycle Right!" Guide to Recycling and Trash in UUTEffective August 2019, trash and recycling are picked up by different haulers. Recyclables are collected by A.J. Blosenski. Solid waste (trash) and yard waste are collected by Waste Management. Click the calendar image below to view or download the latest schedule of pickup dates. Disposal of solid waste is LIMITED to ONE (1) 96-gallon trash Toter per week.   All trash that is placed in your trash Toter must be secured in garbage bags. This will protect the personnel from needing to handle loose articles of trash. Unbagged trash will not be collected. There is NO LIMIT to the amount of recyclable material disposed of on a weekly basis. Your single stream recyclables should be placed loose in your recycling Toter. Cardboard boxes should be flattened.  Any recyclables that don’t fit in your Toter must be placed in paper bags. Cardboard boxes must be broken down and bound with twine.Contact Kristin Roth, (610) 827-6033 if:-- you require a larger recycling Toter (up to 96 gallon)-- you would like an additional recycling Toter-- the Toter requires repair or replacement-- your trash / recycling was not picked upTo guarantee collection, place materials curbside the night before.BillingThe Township will send one bill annually for both trash and recycling. Residents will receive a bill early in February for the annual fee in the amount of $315. If you have billing questions, please call the township office (610) 646-7009 or (610) 646-7005. Additional billing information can be found here. Schedule and HolidaysClick here to download a calendar of the pickup dates.During weeks where a collection day falls on a holiday, trash and recycling collection will be delayed one day for both zones, unless otherwise noted.Freon ItemsPlease contact Kristin Roth (610) 827-6033 to schedule pick-up of freon-containing items such as refrigerators, air conditioners, and dehumidifiers. Doors must be removed from all appliances.Bulk TrashBulk trash is picked up on the third Monday (Zone 1) or third Tuesday (Zone 2) of each month, depending on your scheduled pick-up day. To guarantee collection, place materials curbside the night before, along with the Township-provided Toter cart. A maximum of two items per month are allowed from each household. Some items require preparation; see the table below.Bulk items include:Non-Freon Appliances (with doors removed)Bed framesBicyclesChairsMattresses/Box Springs (MUST be put in plastic bags*)Small sofasLarge ToysCarpets (MUST be cut into 3' sections, rolled up, and tied with twine or string)*Waste Management requires that all mattresses and box springs placed out for bulk collection must be put in separate plastic bags. This is in accordance with industry standards and is for the safety of hauler employees. Unbagged mattresses are a hazard risk due to potential pests as well as the potential for excessive weight due to precipitation. Plastic mattress bags may be purchased at most hardware and home improvement stores. Each mattress or box spring must be bagged individually. The following items are NOT collected as bulk trash:Construction MaterialsPianosRiding MowersPing-Pong TablesTreadmillsLaddersTelevisions and Electronics**Freon ItemsTrampolinesFront-load washersOther oversize items**Televisions, Computer Components and Electronics are not permitted to be disposed of with household trash, per a State law effective January 24, 2013. Please see related E-Waste information on the Household Hazardous Waste page.Paint - Reduce, Reuse & RecyclePreventing waste in the first place is the best, least expensive method of disposal. For paint, we recommend you follow disposal options in this order: Reduce - Buy only what you need and return unopened cans. If you are at the end of a job and realize you only need a small amount to finish, exchange the unopened can for a quart.Reuse - Use leftovers for second coats, touch-ups, and painting fences, birdhouses, and basements. Give it to a friend, neighbor, or small business owner. Or, donate leftovers to community groups, schools, local theater groups, recreation departments, sign painters, farmers for fences, etc.Recycle - Old latex paints can be blended together to produce beige and gray. Oil-based paints may also be mixed together. Do not mix oil-based paint with latex paint. Mixed latex paints can be used for fences, basements, sheds, etc.If no other alternative exists, what cannot be reused can be solidified by following these instructions.Latex PaintLatex paint is not hazardous waste! Latex paints are water-based and are a safer substitute for oil-based paints. They may be solidified (allowed to harden), absorbed, and then placed in the trash. Take the top off the paint can and place it outside, away from pets and children. Allow it to harden. If the can is very full, absorb the material by mixing it with sawdust, clay-based cat litter, or rags. Stir with a stick until all the paint is absorbed. When the paint is solidified, it can be placed in the trash leaving the lid off. Oil-Based PaintSave oil-based paint for a household hazardous waste collection day. If none are scheduled, you can mix it with an absorbent material like sawdust, clay-based cat litter, or rags. Small quantities can be mixed in the can. Larger quantities can be mixed in a box with a plastic bag lining. Stir with a stick until all the paint is absorbed. Mix outside away from pets and children and be sure to wear gloves. Avoid this procedure if you have chronic respiratory problems. Once the paint is completely dry, put it in your trash. 
Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   
The invasive Spotted Lanternfly is an increasing threat to trees and crops in southeastern PA. You can help by enacting control measures on your property and by reporting sightings. 
May 2023
W
Last Name:
Categories
View All
Skip to Main Content
Building(610) 458-9400
4
Resources
Learn more about this pest.
Special thank you to the Upper Uwchlan Area Community Photography Club for their contributions to this website.
Trash & Recycling		
Township Code
Twitter

Upper Uwchlan Township140 Pottstown PikeChester Springs, PA 19425Phone: 610-458-9400Administrative Office Hours8am - 5pm
Comprehensive Plan Update 
UUT COVID-19 ResponseThe Township has established a page of the website where all COVID-19 information will be posted and all related news releases will be archived. This is a swiftly evolving situation. The Township will continue to monitor guidance and update procedures accordingly. Visit the page at the link regularly for updates.Upper Uwchlan Township COVID-19 Response Info
Arrow Right
Yard Waste & Leaf Collection
    
27
Search the Directory
26
GovernmentDepartmentsResourcesHow Do I...
Township Consultants 
Township Calendar
Parks & FacilitiesOpen space and athletic facilities
Public Works(610) 458-2318
5
How Do I...
Do Not Show Again
Loading
M
 
20
Website Sign In
Permits
Trash & RecyclingFind pick-up and billing information
9
		Enter search terms to display a list of entries in the Staff Directory.
6
   
25
Municipal Authority (610) 458-9400
Be Stormwater SmartStormwater runoff pollution is a problem that has no boundaries, and neither does the solution! Water - and any sediment or debris it carries - that enters a storm sewer, goes directly into local streams. Click the link below to visit the DEP website and learn how you can do your part to reduce stormwater runoff. 7 Ways to be Stormwater Smart
Come and provide input to help shape the future of WALKING and BIKING in Upper Uwchlan Township at a Public Workshop on May 17, 2023 from 7:00 p.m. 
Administration(610) 458-9400
Online Bill PayEasy, one-stop payment
18
Social Media
		JavaScript is required, and must be turned on, for a listing to appear on this Directory entry page. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
10
12
22
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government
Commercial and Institutional Recycling
http://www.upperuwchlan-pa.gov/directory.aspx?DID=
Quick Links
– 8:30 p.m. at Pickering Valley Elementary School						Read on...
Recycling
Report a ConcernHow can we help you?
Household Hazardous Wastes
What’s Happening
28
Live Edit
13
30
Departments
Stay Up-to-Date
Facebook
Upper Uwchlan Township, PA - Official Website | Official Website
            
Home         Site Map         Contact Us         Accessibility         Copyright Notices         Privacy Policy         Government Websites by CivicPlus®
14
21
Electronics Recycling and Shredding Event for Upper Uwchlan Township residents only. Saturday, May 20, 2023, 9:00 a.m. - Noon at the Public Works Facility, 132 Oscar Way, Chester Springs 19425						Read on...
		Staff Directory
Police(610) 458-5862
Used Oil Recycling
Finance(610) 458-9400
Su
Sa
				
First Name:
Help plan the future of Upper Uwchlan Township! The Planning Commission is updating the Township Comprehensive Plan, the plan for the future. Starting in February 2023, the existing Comprehensive Plan (2014) and supporting plans will be posted ...						How to find out more...
Public Workshop re: Active Transportation Plan
Tue, May 16  
/Calendar.aspx
Agendas & MinutesStay up to date
2
  
Staff Directory    Municipal Authority     Administration        Township Consultants    Building    Finance    Police    Public Works 
StormwaterStormwater Management Resources
Search
Public Workshop ~ Active Transportation Plan 
Help Stop the Spotted Lanternfly
View All News
Collection Zones & Days
11
7
29
                Loading
Yard Waste Collection
View All Events
Staff Directory
Trash & Recycling | Upper Uwchlan Township, PA - Official Website
Ordinances & Resolutions
Category:
Contact Us
Crafters, vendors, food vendors and Sponsors wanted for Upper Uwchlan Township's 13th Annual Block Party on Route 100 ~ June 17, 2023, 6:00 p.m. to Dusk!  This is a fun-filled, family-friendly, community event.						Read on...
E-Waste Recycling and Shredding Event for Upper Uwchlan Residents 
HomeDepartmentsPublic WorksTrash & Recycling
HomeStaff Directory
Telephone				
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Crafters, Vendors, Food Vendors and Sponsors Wanted ~ 13th Annual Block Party ~ June 17, 2023 
Tu
24
Latest News
Slideshow Left Arrow
Close
15
17
[]
19
Hauler SafetyAt this time, there are no changes to trash and recycling pickup schedules. Residents are being asked to prepare their trash and recyclables as described below in order to keep hauler personnel safe. All trash that is placed in your trash Toter must be secured in garbage bags. This will protect the personnel from needing to handle loose articles of trash. Unbagged trash will not be collected. Your single stream recyclables should still be placed loose in your recycling Toter. However, excess materials must be bagged or bound: Any recyclables that don’t fit in your Toter must be placed in paper bags. Cardboard boxes must be broken down and bound with twine.
