3
	
Arrow Left
Taxes
Trash/Recycling Pick Up (Changed due to Holiday!)
Newsletter
16
Slideshow Right Arrow
1
Government Websites by CivicPlus®
 
Work is expected to start Fall 2023						Read on...
31
8
Wed, May 17  
Explore East Caln Township
Board of Supervisors Public Meeting
Special Event Recycling
Accessibility
Bulk Trash Pick Up
23
HomeDepartmentsParks & Recreation
Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors
Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   
Tue
Stay Up to Date with What's Happening Around the Township
Email Address:*
May 2023
GovernmentDepartmentsResourcesHow Do I…
Last Name:
Fri, Jul 7  
	Leave This Blank: 
TOWNSHIP FACEBOOK FEED
Categories
Agendas & MinutesFollow township meetings
Skip to Main Content
View All
Sat
4
More Information
Township Code
Click here!

Do you have household hazardous materials to dispose of?			Additional Info...
Branch Pick Up
Arrow Right
Primary Day-(East Caln Township Administrative Office Closed)
Parks & FacilitiesResources & rental information
    
27
Online Bill PayPay bills online
Search the Directory
26
Parks & Facilities
Township Consultants 
Read it here first!
 Township News
Township Staff 
Thu, May 18  
 Calendar
Phone: 610-269-1989
HomeResourcesGarbage & Recycling
Fri, Jun 2  
				  
5
QUICK LINKS
Spring Leaf Collection
Do Not Show Again
Branch Pick Up Curbside
Loading
Calendar 
Household Hazardous Waste
Parks & Recreation | East Caln Township, PA - Official Website
* indicates required fields.
 
20
Website Sign In
	 
HomeForms
Trash/Recycling Pick Up Changes due to Memorial Day Holiday! 
9
		Enter search terms to display a list of entries in the Staff Directory.
6
   
Email Sign up
25
Multi-Family Residential, Commercial & Institutional Recycling
18
Wed, May 24  
Form CenterFind forms
		JavaScript is required, and must be turned on, for a listing to appear on this Directory entry page. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Mysteries of Medicare! 
http://www.eastcalntownship.com/directory.aspx?DID=
10
The Township will have a chipper w...		
Site Feedback
Police Department
12
/QuickLinks.aspx
Home
East Caln Township Local Government - the backbone of democracy.
					
Garbage & Recycling | East Caln Township, PA - Official Website
22
Email Directory
Quick Links
Address:*
Thu, Jul 20  
Parks & Recreation		
East Caln Township Park at Bell TavernEast Caln Township maintains a beautiful park that is open to all!  The park has a .45 mile paved path for walking/bicycling, Playground, Swing set, Hockey Rink, Tennis Court, Volleyball, Basketball Court, Sandbox, all-purpose field and a sprinkler pad that operations from 11am-5pm Memorial Day through Labor Day. Public Restrooms are open during the spring, summer and fall. There are benches, picnic tables and charcoal grills throughout the park.  Two Pavilions are available to rent for gatherings and parties, contact the Township office for reservations.The Park is located at 107 Bell Tavern Road, Downingtown, PA 19335 and is open to the public daily from dawn to dusk.  Please note, there is no winter maintenance of the park. Pavilions:To rent the pavilions, please follow the following directions: 1. Contact the Township to see if the date you are looking to reserve is available by E-mailing admin@eastcalntownship.com or Calling 610-269-1989 **Please note, we do not hold reservations until the application and payment is received. 2.  Review Park Rules (click here). 3. Fill out the Pavilion Rental Application (Click Here) 4.  Make the Payment Online By Clicking here (the link is also in the application form).  5. Email the completed and signed application to: admin@eastcalntownship.com5. Once received by the Township and your reservation is confirmed, you will receive an e-mail confirmation.   Reservations are on a first come, first serve basis.  Sprinkler/Splash Pad:The splash pad is motioned detected and operates from approximately 11am til 5pm every day from approximately Memorial Day through Labor day.Commemorative Brick Donation Program:Making a $125.00 donation to the East Caln Park at Bell Taverns commemorative brick program is a great way to memorialize your loved one, share a special date or message, or show support to your favorite park!  Bricks will be engraved with your custom message and placed in the garden between the north side of the tennis court and the hiking trail at the park. Click HERE for the Form.  Mail or drop off completed forms to/at: East Caln Township, 110 Bell Tavern Road, Downingtown, PA 19335.  Any questions, call the Township office at 610-269-1989. 
Read More
Fri
Phone #:*
Sun
Monday-Friday 8am-4pm
Sat, May 20  
Township Codes
	Read On...
Township Directory
Trash Pick Up (Changed due to Holiday!)
28
Live Edit
13
30
Township Trash & Recycling CollectionThe township contracts for the collection of refuse and recycling material for East Caln Township. Every single family home is provided with a waste cart for refuse material and a recycle cart.All refuse, except for bulk refuse, must be placed in the cart at curbside by 5:00 am on the designated trash day. Pick-up days are Mondays and Thursdays. Bulk refuse is the third Thursday of the month and recycling is on Thursdays.Trash is not picked up on holidays, it is collected the next day and the rest of the week shifts. For example, if the holiday is Monday, trash is collected on Tuesday and Friday that week. If the holiday is Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday, the trash will be picked up on Friday. Monday’s collection is not affected.Printable 2023 Solid Waste-Recycling-Yard Waste CalendarBulk Refuse MaterialBulk refuse is picked up the third Thursday of each month (except Holiday weeks) and includes either two extra bags of trash or one large appliance or piece of furniture.  Mattress/Boxspring sets are accepted but required to be wrapped/bagged in plastic.  Electronic and Hazardous Waste is not accepted.  Special arrangements are required for any appliance that contains Freon, i.e. air conditioners, refrigerators, etc. (Freon must be professionally removed). Items must be placed on the curb or in the cart by 5:00 am on the designated Bulk Trash day.Yard Waste Pick UpThe Township offers several Leaf pick up dates six times per year, two in the Spring and four in the Fall.  Leaves must be bagged up in biodegradable bags and placed on the curb by 5AM on the scheduled collection days. .SPRING AND FALL 2023 DATES:May 20October 7October 21November 11December 9Branch Pick UpThe Township provides Branch/Limb/Stick Pick-Up at the curb on the 4th Wednesday of each month. No bamboo, or anything with root balls is accepted. Branches should all be placed on the curb by 5am. ***Please not, pick-up sometimes extends into Thursday and Friday depending on the amount that is left out Wednesday mornings when the Township is surveyed. Recycling ProgramThe recycling program includes the following materials  commingled in the recycling container: Aluminum and Tin cans.Glass Bottles/Jars.Plastics (Numbers 1,2 and 5).Newspapers, magazines, corrugated cardboard and junk mail.Hazardous Waste CollectionThe County Organizes multiple Hazardous waste collection events throughout the year.  To find out what needs to be brought to a Hazardous Waste Collection event and event details, please visit this website:  Hazardous Waste Collection InformationElectronics (TV's, Computers, Printers, Microwaves etc.), Appliances, Automotive Waste and StyrofoamElectronics, Appliances (non freon) and Styrofoam can be taken directly to the Lanchester Landfill:Lanchester Landfill, 7224 Division Hwy, Narvon, PA 17555    Many items including TVs, Computers, Monitors, Printers, Automotive Waste, Appliances (please check freon requirements), Microwaves, Smoke Detectors, Styrofoam, etc. can be taken directly to the Lanchester Landfill.  To ensure your item can be taken to the Landfill or have a question about Recycling specialty products that don't go in your Recycling Toter, Click Here!Items containing Freon may be accepted for a charge, please reach out to the Lanchester landfill for instructions and fees. Limit of (3) TV's per householdNO PROJECTION TVs You must show ID that you are a resident in our service area.Computers and computer peripherals: still a maximum of 3This change is necessary, until further notice, due to serious capacity limitations.It is still a free service.For more information on Recycling, visit the following websites:Republic ServicesChester County Solid Waste AuthorityPECO Refrigerator and Freezer Recycling Program!Anyone with questions should call the Township Office at (610) 269-1989.
					Connie McCaw
Wed, Jun 28  
            
Spring Leaf Curbside Collection 
14
Email 
East Caln Township, PA - Official Website | Official Website
21
Compliment/Complaint:*
	East Caln Township - 110 Bell Tavern Road, Downingtown, PA 19335 
Staff Directory • East Caln Township, PA • CivicEngage
Bulk Trash Collection
		Staff Directory
Stay up to date on the progress of the Townships Comprehensive Plan Update! 
Trash & RecyclingSchedules & Information
					Michael  OBrien
Submit a ConcernContact Us
				
First Name:
	East Caln Township Comprehensive Plan Update!
Commercial Recycling Program
Tue, May 16  
Mon
/Calendar.aspx
Calendar
Trash Collection
Branch/Limb/Stick Pick up (place on curb by 5AM)
2
Free "Tech Takeback" event at Staples! 
Copyright Notices
Conditional Use Hearing - River Station / Hankin Group 
  
Tue, May 30  
Recyclable Items
Name:*
Search
Thu, Jun 15  
Stormwater Management Info
Office Hours:
Tab Name
Have Electronics to recycle?  Stop by Staples for their "Free Tech Take Back" through June 3rd!  Please confirm with the store their ability to take your item before hauling it in!						Read on...
Conditional Use Hearing - 1002 S. Chestnut St. 
11
Site Map
Thu
7
29
                Loading
Household Hazardous Waste Events 
Voting
  
Wed, Jul 26  
Category:
Forms • East Caln Township, PA • CivicEngage
Read On
Contact Us
Introducing InvoiceCloud!  New ways to Manage/Pay your Sewer Bills! 
		Compliment/Complaint
HomeStaff Directory
Forms Center
Wed
Read on...
Telephone				
Hot off the Press!  Spring/Summer Township Newsletter! 
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Boot Road scheduled Eastbound Closure for Bridge Replacement over Amtrak line 
24
Agenda & Minutes
Slideshow Left Arrow
Staff Directory    Township Staff    Township Consultants 
Close
15
17
[]
19
Garbage & Recycling		
Comprehensive Plan!
