of SupervisorsThe Board of Supervisors also appoints members to the three-person Zoning Hearing Board, for six-year staggered terms. We have three auditors and one tax collector who are all elected. The Roadmaster and the Secretary and Treasurer are appointed positions.
ComprehensivePlan
Planning Topics
Agriculture
West Nantmeal Township 
Upcoming EventsView All EventsWest Nantmeal Township
Services Brochure
Census Information
Transportation
What's New
Opening of Meeting
Municipal Corner
Nearly 600 linear miles of pipeline corridors cross Chester County's landscape.  Many of these pipelines have been in place for decades, but more recently the construction of new lines and upgrades to existing lines have increased.  Now, more than ever, Chester County residents need a resource for timely information on the latest developments in all pipeline activity impacting our region.
☰
Welcome to
Board of Supervisors Meeting – June 12, 2023 – 7:00 PM – West Nantmeal Township Building
Environment
Contacts and Links
Multimunicipal Cooperation
.25 for Fire/EMSSCHOOL DISTRICT MILLS30.1215MUNICIPAL ROADS15.5 MilesSTATE ROADS19.25 MilesImage
Our Address455 N. Manor Road
Grant Support Letter Requests
PO Box 234
We ask that cyclists, walkers, joggers, etc. wear bright clothing on township roads to increase visibility for your own safety.  Dark colors are difficult for drivers to see you on our beautiful country roads.  Be safe!
Cemetery tour, June 5 10 am
Importance of Planning
Maps and Aerials
An official website of the Chester County Government.
Historic Preservation
Resources
455 N. Manor Road • PO Box 234 • Elverson, PA 19520
Our History×
Plan Review
Treasurers Report
Calendar of Events
Economic Development
Anselma Mill trip, June 10
We created this Pipeline Information Center in 2013 to provide a central location for all aspects of pipeline issues, including pipeline safety, the pipeline review process, and the latest information on pipeline projects within Chester County and the surrounding area.  Regular updates on pipeline activity and related announcements are posted on the site.
eNewsletters

Old business
Approval of April minutes
							
        
Active Pipeline Projects
Landscapes3 Executive Summary PDF
Pipeline Maps
About Us
**********************************************
Data, Maps, & Reports
Page load link
Board Meetings/Materials
PP work/ move things upstairs
Landowners Resources
GET DIRECTIONSThe Board
 
Useful Links
Awards and Recognition
Pipeline Information
Planning eTools
Township Info
Go to Top
Working with Other Departments
The Chester County Planning Commission (CCPC) has been designated as the County’s “point of contact” for issues dealing with proposed pipeline projects within Chester County. We are inviting partner agencies to both visit the website and to provide any pipeline project related information appropriate for posting to the project information page.
Background
Overview and Announcements
Elverson, PA 19520
About Us 
Vision
Planning Education
The Township is committed to minimizing tax increases. Our Real Estate Tax of .44 mills and an Emergency Services Tax of .25 mills give a combined tax of .69 mills. We also have an Earned Income Tax of 1% that is shared between the township and the Twin Valley School District, and a Property Tax going exclusively to the school district. We also share a transfer tax on real estate sales that is split between the township and the school district.
Municipal Grant Opportunities
Pay BB Design
Chester County Pipeline Information Center WebsiteThe Chester County Board of Commissioners is pleased to announce the Pipeline Information Center website. The website provides a wide range of objective information on proposed pipeline projects, regulatory agencies, the regulatory process, pipeline maps, and other pipeline resources. A goal of this initiative is to promote pipeline safety and public awareness through a partnership with pipeline providers, regulators, municipal governments, and other agencies.
Population and Demographics
		Copyright 2018 West Nantmeal Township | All Rights Reserved
Municipal Project Examples
Landscapes3
Elverson Honey Brook Area EMS Community Open House – Saturday, June 24, 2023 10 AM-2 PM  Kids Activities, Training Stations and more!  Event will be held at 4458 Main St, Elverson.  Visit their website for more information www.ehbems.org 
Planning Guides
Landscapes Map
Open Space
Vision Partnership Program
West Nantmeal TownshipMay 16 – Election Day – No office hours
Doors program, May 18, 4pm
Glossary and Acronyms
West Nantmeal Township is a rural community situated in the northwest section of Chester County, PA. West Nantmeal Township is a Township of the Second Class. This class distinction is determined by population. It is governed by a three-person board, elected, and serving staggering terms of six years. A Planning Commission who serves staggering four-year terms is appointed by the Board of Supervisors.
Board Members
Before beginning any project on your property whether it be a fence, shed, or an addition, check with our Zoning Officer, Craig Kologie,  to see if a permit is required.  610-469-8414 ext 801 or cakologie@casval.com
Housing
New Business
PlanningTopics
Pipeline Safety
CloseTownship Info
Planning Commission Meeting – May 22, 2023 – 7:30 PM – West Nantmeal Township Building
Skip to content
            
Publications
Regulatory Agencies
E-Mail  wntwp@ptd.net • Phone (610) 286-9722 • Office Hours Mon.-Wed. 9:00am-2:00pm	
Chester County 2023 Household Hazardous Waste Events – ONLINE REGISTRATION REQUIRED: www.chestercountyswa.org (visit the website for eligible collection materials)
West Nantmeal Township
Pipeline Operators
Community Health
Pipeline Notification Protocol
There are fines, specific fees for services, grants, and state programs that also generate revenue to operate the township.
Project Examples
Park & Recreation Meeting – May 18, 2023 – 7:00 PM – West Nantmeal Township Building
Pipelines in the News
Annual Reports
Home Pageadmin2023-05-10T15:09:28-04:00 
Urban Centers
Goals
Data, Maps, &Reports
Quick FactsPOPULATION2251(2020 Census)ASSESSED VALUATION$139,780,245TOWNSHIP MILLS.69
.44 Real Estate
Historical Commission Meeting – May 10, 2023 – 3:00 PM – West Nantmeal Township Building
Board Meetings
  
The township office is housed in the former Central School. The school closed in 1966. Built in 1879, the school served as an elementary and high school for area children. The Board of Supervisors purchased the school from the Twin Valley School District in 1968 and has used it as the municipal building ever since.
Historic district, Lewis Mill
Implementation
Mission Statement
              
Landscapes3 PDF
							Learn More 
Rehire Chloe to help
Our HistoryTownship InfoBusiness & AdministrationServices & GovernmentProperty Tax & AssessmentsTownship EventsPark & RecreationMeetingsMeeting SchedulesBoard of Supervisors Meeting MinutesPlanning Commission Meeting MinutesOrdinances & FormsOrdinancesForms
Land Use
Data Index
Staff Directory
MunicipalCorner
Success Stories
Contact Us
Adjournment
GalleryTownship News
Chester County Pipeline Information Center
Search for:
Comprehensive Plan
Mary’s June 17
Videos
Utilities, Infrastructure & Energy
