 ACE Hardware
Planning Commission
Public Comment Session
To request access to a public record from East Pikeland Township, please use the printable Records Request Form.  The form can be mailed, emailed, faxed or hand-delivered to:
Yard Waste Authorization Form
In Stormwater Program:
Environmental Topics
Federal
 | Community Events
In Community Information:
 | Environmental Topics
Waste Management610-367-1300
23
Benefits of Open Space
Stormwater Management Ordinance
Phoenixville Regional Planning Committee
Newsletters & Guides
Local Legislators
Spotted Lanternfly
Meeting Minutes - 2023
PA Environmental Council
Cleaning up after your PET:
You Can Curb Water Pollution by Starting in your Own Back Yard.
 | Trash & Recycling
Sunday
How to report in Illicit Discharge into the Stormwater system
Open Records Request
**Bridge Closure Announcement**
Trash Hauler Information
Bulk Trash Information:Contact your trash hauler to inquire about Bulk Trash pick-up.
    
What do you do with left over paint? 
Chester County Water Resources Authority:
Ridge Road Park Project>
Electronics Recycling
Â Read more...
1158 Rapps Dam Road
81/2" x 14"    $0.35 per page    $1.50 per page
Information & Links
Chester County bridge 187 over French Creek (in front of Redner's) will be temporarily closed to traffic starting April 24, 2023. This is the smaller bridge that runs parallel to the one on Route 23. Please refer to the picture below.
Compost
Fax request to:  (610) 933-0919
6
 | Newsletters & Guides
Yard Waste Recycling>
Native Plants
Household Hazardous Waste Information
Click here to review East Pikeland Township's Open Records Policy
How to Manage Swimming Pool Water
Ready for 100 / Clean Energy
Rain Gardens
Monday
Open Space Committee
We have received a number of reports of people soliciting in the Township. A permit is required for anyone to solicit in East Pikeland Township. Only the following companies currently have active permits:
Video - New Tub Grinder
Township Memorabilia
 National Center for Missing and Explioted ChildrenwebsiteClick here for a missing-child guide for families Reflective Address MarkersKimberton Fire Company and Liberty Steam Fire Company are taking orders for Reflective Address Markers~Only $15.00~For more information please call 610-935-1388 (Kimberton Fire House)Click here for order form Seat Belt SafetyBuckling up is a quick and easy way to stay safe when traveling and it's the law in Pennsylvania.  Anyone stopped and cited for a traffic violation receives a second citation if not wearing a seat belt.Please visit http://www.drivesafepa.org/ for more infomation about seat belt safety.      Going on Vacation?Please fill out a vacation request form and drop it off to us.We will make it a priority to keep an extra eye on your property.VACATION REQUEST FORMHow To Secure Your Home While On Vacation     24-Hour Elder Abuse Hotline1-800-490-8505 MEGANS LAWClick here to be directed to:Pennsylvania State Police - Megans Law Website Does ReadyChesCo Alert You? ReadyChesCo is used to notify you during a major crisis or emergency, and delivers important emergency alerts; such as weather, road closures, health, or community alerts.  You can choose to sign up by county, municipality, or by topic.Notifications and updates to you on all your devices: email account (work, home, other)cell phone (via SMS)pagerRegistration takes only a few minutes!  You can register by visiting www.readychesco.orgIt is free to sign up for ReadyChesCo, and you can choose the type of alerts that you get.  Your wireless carrier may charge you to get messages on your device, so check your plan to see what is covered.  You can choose to stop getting these messages at any time.  Attorney Generals Website
Click HERE for more information.
Meeting Minutes - 2022
Scam Warnings
Open Space
Annual MS4 Report
French Creek Trail
Recycling
Meeting Minutes - 2021
Police Officer Application
			
2023 Township Budget
Park & Recreation Board
30
Supervisors Biographies
Citizen Science
Saturday
For a complete schedule, visit the website linked below!
14
Phoenix Disposal
Administration
In Boards & Personnel:
Open Space Committee MeetingWednesday, May 17, 2023 at 7:00 PM
Phoenixville, PA  19460
Job Openings
What can you do?
Green Valleys Association
Other Resources
Using the link below, you can register for the next Household Hazardous Waste event in Chester County 
 | Stormwater Program
RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES (NI-CD and NI-MH)
Friday
7
Boards & Personnel - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
  
610-754-0103
Search Tips
PA Office of Open Records
Â 
24
2023
Community Information
FAQ's
844-737-8254
Delivery times are Monday-Friday, 7am to 9am. Please call the office for more details.
17
What does the Township do?
During this time, the bridge will be CLOSED to all traffic. The Phoenixville Area School District has been notified about the bridge closure. If you have any questions, please contact the township.
Links for more Information
Board of Supervisors
Powder Run Trail
Stormwater Vocabulary
Park & Recreation MeetingThursday, May 18, 2023 at 7:00 PM
Local Attractions
Upcoming Events
Police Officer Application Â 
            Jun >
4
Open Space Referendum
                     Black & White         Color*     
Kimberton Community Park
Voting Locations
Meeting Minutes - 2018
 Solicitation Reminder for All Residents
The warehouse is located at 800 E. Virginia Avenue, Building 3, West Chester, PA 19380 near Henderson High School. Donations must be pre-approved by sending photos to donations@communitywarehouseproject.com or to our phone at 484-473-4360. They are open for drop-offs on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 9am to 12pm, and everything third Saturday of each month from 9am to 1pm. Other drop off dates are available by appointment.
27
Township Consultants
Boards & Personnel
As you begin your yard work for the spring, consider getting some mulch, compost, or wood chips from the Township Yard Waste Recycling Center! It is free for residents to pick up themselves, no matter the amount. If you would like a delivery, there is a delivery fee of $40. 
 | Request for Information
Email request to: manager@eastpikeland.org
Kimberton Village Audio Tour
http://pecpa.org/
Meeting Dates & Times
Below are local water organizations that will assist you with any questions, comments, or concerns that you may have about stormwater management or water conservation.
Please email or call with any questions gbrion@communitywarehouseproject.com or 610-505-2200. 
Area Trails
< Apr
Open Space Celebration
18
ADA Accessibility
Police Department
Kimberton, PA  19442
Home
How to manage Swimming Pool Water.
Tax Collectors
http://www.chesco.org/index.aspx?nid=158
Solid Waste Collection and Recycling Ordinance
 81/2" x 11"   $0.25 per page    $1.25 per page  
Kimberton, PA  19442
610-933-0919
Kimberton Superfund Site
 | Boards & Personnel
Please see the information below on available Household Hazardous Waste opportunities in our area:
Open Space Properties
13
Memorial day - Office ClosedMonday, May 29, 2023 at 8:00 AM
Ordinances & Plans
Emergency Preparedness
CONTACT US:Location1158 Rapps Dam Road
Zoning Hearing Board
Upcoming Household Hazardous Waste Events!
History of East Pikeland
Recycle your Furniture & Housewares 
 | FAQ's
Easter Scavenger Hunt
Identity Theft
            Â 
 | Parks & Trails
Request for Information - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
In Police Department:
Links for additional information - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
Tuesday
Board of Supervisors>
The Community Warehouse Project has the goal of eliminating bulk waste by collecting gently used furniture and housewares and then distributing these items to families, individuals, and veterans in need throughout Chester County. Donating your items is a great way to recycle perfectly usable items instead of them going to the landfill. 
Hours
Permits and Forms
This Section
3
May
Trash & Recycling
 
Information on Removing Bamboo - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
http://www.greenvalleys.org/
Blueprints, Plans, Maps or other large items (black and white or color):  Actual cost paid by the Township plus 20% administrative fee
A Homeowner's Guide to Stormwater Management
Trail Facts
Park Steward Intern
East Pikeland Township
Public Notices
Board of Supervisors MeetingTuesday, May 2, 2023 at 7:00 PM
Household Hazardous Waste Information - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
A.J. Blosenski
Photo Gallery
June 23rd 2023 - Coatesville ( Register )
Meeting Minutes - 2019
11” x 17”        $0.50 per page    $2.50 per page
Environmental Advisory Council
Historical Commission>
Q & A
Wednesday
Pennsylvania
Historic Tours
Historical Commission
5
 Fax
 *Color  - If a document has more than 10 color copies the charge will be the actual cost paid by the Township plus 20% administrative fee.
Police Officer Application - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
Application Below
 are being accepted by:
Owen J. Roberts High School, 881 Ridge Rd, Pottstown
Follow us on Facebook and Instagram for Township news, history, and updates on events!
Chester County
8 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Yard Waste Recycling
 | Permits and Forms
9
Community Garden & Orchard Design
Public Works Department
Stormwater PA:  http://www.stormwaterpa.org/
Environmental Advisory Council>
Project Benefits
12
East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
Educational & Activity Resources
DOCUMENT DUPLICATION  FEE SCHEDULE
Dog Park Design
A PRE-REGISTRATION APPOINTMENT IS REQUIRED!
 Click here for a Regional HHW schedule that includes Philadelphia and surrounding counties. 
Homeowner's Information
Website Links
Thursday
28
How to Get Rid of Bamboo. Although bamboo is known for its beauty as an ornamental and a landscaping focal point, you may find that you need to get rid of bamboo that has become a problem.  Various species (more than 1,200) of bamboo, which are technically large evergreen grasses, are used as ornamentals throughout landscapes.  Bamboo offers either a clumping or a spreading habit.  Imagine a grass that grows to 8 feet tall with a woody stem that has the persistence of crabgrass.  Now imagine that your neighbor plants it as an ornamental and it spreads like crazy until it is also on your property. A few links below, shared by the Penn State Master Gardener Program, will assist you in getting rid of Bamboo: http://www.dcnr.state.pa.us/cs/groups/public/documents/document/dcnr_010270.pdf http://homeguides.sfgate.com/way-kill-bamboo-plant-52907.html http://homeguides.sfgate.com/kill-bamboo-permanently-38065.html http://www.wikihow.com/Get-Rid-of-Bamboo 
Hidden River Park & Preserve>
        Search
Zoom Meetings
East Pikeland
Photocopies or printouts:
Township Trail Plan
Open Space Committee>
 | Public Notices
  Find East Pikeland Township on Facebook and now Instagram!
 | Emergency Preparedness
Kimberton Park Rental Applications
Stormwater Basics
Chester County has contracted with Loftus Construction Inc. to perform general maintenance, repairs, and painting of the bridge. The project is scheduled to start on April 24th and is expected to take eight weeks to complete.
 | COVID-19
Mulch, Compost, and Wood Chips Available!
In East Pikeland Township, trash and recycling pick-up is provided by the registered private haulers listed below.  For more information contact the haulers directly.
Job Openings>
Information & Links - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
Document Certification:  Duplication fee plus $1.00 per document. 
COVID-19
Government Websites by Catalis
PA Environmental Council       http://pecpa.org/program/waterresourcebrochures/
15
State
Precinct 1: Former East Pikeland Elementary SchoolPrecinct 2: Zion Lutheran ChurchPrecinct 3: Township Building
22
19
P&R E-Newsletter
	
16
1
31
8
Local Events & Volunteer Opportunities
Pet Waste and Water Quality (PDF)
Trails>
Facsimile, CD or other media:    Actual Cost
Riparian Buffer Protection
Chester County Town Tours & Village WalksChester County Town Tours & Walks is back again this year with the theme of Agricultural Heritage of Chester County. This is a series of free summer strolls through historic neighborhoods, towns, and sites throughout Chester County.  On Thursday, August 10th the tour comes to East Pikeland Township's own Yeager's Farm. 
Mailing Address
 | Community Information
Despite ensuring that your pets don’t defecate directly into water sources, their waste can still affect community and natural bodies of water. Some pet owners may erroneously assume that depositing excrement into a storm sewer is a viable disposal method. Storm sewers, however, empty into lakes and streams. Along with polluting the water with bacteria and parasites, pet waste that finds its way to natural bodies of water promotes the flowering of unwanted algae and weeds. Chemical reactions that take place in the water after coming into contact with pet waste can also negatively affect wildlife and contribute to the reduction of fish populations.
Click HERE for the answer!
Pet Waste Can Affect Water Quality
Year of Open Space
P.O. Box 58
Calendar of Events
E-Newsletter

If you see someone soliciting or are unsure if someone has a permit, please call the Township office at 610-933-1770 to report them. After hours, residents can reach out to our Police radio room at 610-935-2440. Solicitors can find the application for a permit here.
 | Open Space
MAY IS HISTORIC PRESERVATION MONTH
		Â Click here to access the PA Office of Open Records
County
Information on Removing Bamboo
Follow us on Facebook to learn more about East Pikeland Township History.
26
Meets the 3rd Tuesday of each month, 7:00 p.m.Park & Recreation BoardMeets the 3rd Thursday of each month, 7:00 p.m.Planning CommissionMeets the 2nd Tuesday of each month, 7:00 p.m.
In Trash & Recycling:
Community Needs
Planning Commission>
 | Ordinances & Plans
https://www.chestercountyswa.org/121/Upcoming-Household-Hazardous-Waste-Event
20
 | Calendar of Events
Parks & Trails
Please visit the Chester County Solid Waste Authority Website for more details. YOU MUST REGISTER BEFORE ATTENDING! 
25
Community Events
Stormwater Program
Background
EPT Yard Waste Recycling Program
Homeowner's Information - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
610-942-2707
610-933-4100
Stormwater - Just for Kids
10
Saturday May 14, 2022
Skip to main content
 542 Kimberton Road - East Pikeland - 610-933-7733
When it Rains, It Drains
 | Year of Open Space
Environmental Advisory Council MeetingThursday, May 25, 2023 at 7:00 PM
Helpful Phone Numbers
Meeting Minutes - 2020
Go
 (up to 11 lb. battery with no removable caps for service)
None
Planning Commission MeetingTuesday, May 9, 2023 at 7:00 PM
 | History of East Pikeland
Board of SupervisorsMeets the 1st Tuesday of each month, 7:00 p.m.Environmental Advisory CouncilMeets the 4th Tuesday of each month, 7:00 p.m.Historical CommissionMeets the 3rd Wednesday of each month, 7:00 p.m.Open Space Committee
ADA Trail & Meadowland Design
Trash Hauler Information - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
Prepayment:    Payment will be required in advance if the estimated expense to fulfill the request exceeds $100.   Estimated charges shall be paid in full prior to actual copying and release of documents.
21
Volunteer Opportunities
Tips for Working From Home
Monday-Friday
Links for additional information
White Tail Disposal 
2
Meeting Minutes - 2017
Republic Services
Stormwater Information for Homeowners: 
Water Quality Protection: Pet Waste (PDF)
Full Site
 | Zoom Meetings
Postage:  Actual cost of mailing.
11
29
 | Spotted Lanternfly
Park & Recreation Board>
Community Information - East Pikeland TownshipÂ 
 | Police Department
Scavenger Hunts
Request for Information
				Printer-friendly Version
Tree ID Guides
Phone610-933-1770
