Joanne Wright
hygiene, stay home if you are sick and keep a social distance to keep the virus
Planning Commission
Engineering Firm
Office
1741 Basin Drive
    814 467-6679Corona Virus InformationPaint Township Issued a Declaration of Disaster EmergencyPaint
National Incident Management System.State Office Of Open Records
 
Township Meetings For 2022
Somerset County
Residents & Tax Payers
All
can help local families keep their kids safe online by sharing the
provided and want to pass on. The governor’s proclamation directed governments
Minutes
Police
this informative
Click
Feedback Form | 
Management  |  Tax
Public Works
will continue to provide guidance for its members on this issue. Should there
Paint Township Supervisors 
and on the phone, all bills to be paid at a drop box or behind a window, or
SewerStormwater
 our  site are always welcome.  Let us know
Use the Office
response to the COVID-19 outbreak. While we are not aware of any known
for policy
view documents. Click graphic below to download the free Reader.
featuring tips and strategies for youngsters to help them be smart

is to be proactive, reduce the potential severity of this outbreak and
cases of COVID-19 in Paint Township, the primary aim of the Declaration
across all levels to continue to provide essential services. The Pennsylvania
from spreading. Please reach out to your neighbors and check on elderly family
Open Records Point of Contact and Policy
 |  Maps
Paint Township Complaint Form.Comments and
 Sewer  |   Stormwater   
Tax Collector
non-essential services and events. Limit visitors by providing services online
Richard Shaffer, ChairmanJoanne C. Wright, Secretary-TreasurerFrank Meyers, Vice Chairman
laws and the budget, pay bills, establish tax rates, execute contracts
Codes
be any change in the current situation Paint Township will keep residents
We, the Board of Paint
About Us
Harrisburg, PA 17120-0225
We at Paint Township want to share our concern and plans with our residents
website except for the direct replies to our posts.Please be aware that Nextdoor
appropriate and possible, employees could be allowed to work from home. PSATS
Damage Reporting certificate from the Pennsylvania Emergency
provide other means to do business with the township without personal contact.
receive local updates from the Division of Emergency Management on Nextdoor.
Paint Township
To The Incident Command System.
documents are in PDF format. Adobe Acrobat Reader is required to
Click here to view An Introduction To The
members who may need a helping hand. Thank you.
Emergency resolution dated March 20, 2020 relative to the Corona Virus will
 
Useful Links
Collector  |  Planning
hours are Monday through Friday 8 AM to 4 PM excluding holidays.
for a document listing the 2022 Meeting Dates.  Complaint Form
Commonwealth Keystone Building, 400 North St., Plaza Level
Ordinances
Commission  |  Codes
Suggestions
Dear
municipal policy, enact
services, report criminal or suspicious activity, file a report, etc.
Click here
Firm  |  Public
Township of Paint is governed by three supervisors who are elected
Click here for a
Township issued a Declaration of Disaster Emergency 3/20/2020 in
Windber, PA 15963
Phone: 717 346-9903
expire on May 31, 2021. Centers for Disease Control and PreventionCorona Virus Fact SheetPA Department of Health
web master.Dedication
Home
Township Supervisors, welcome you and are pleased to provide you with
to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the residents. Please
 |  Ordinances  |
Government
| 
If you require emergency services, please call 911.We look forward to connecting with you on Nextdoor to build stronger, safer neighborhoods throughout Paint Township.Townships Today Newsletter You
by voters.  The Township Supervisors are elected to six-year
Welcome,
latest issue of Townships Today with them. We're
safety, public events and emergency notifications. You can expect to
Fill-in Forms
Useful Links  |
think of the site by filling out the Feedback form to our
updated through the townships website and Nextdoor. Please practice proper hand
A Private Social Network For Your Neighborhood: NextdoorNextdoor is being used by the Paint Township Community and the Division of
government remain open for business and functional, but may restrict access.
 improve
and appoint Township officials.Main Office
Townships should practice social distancing and limit or cease offering
 Police
Paint
 comments  and  suggestions  to
Web site: http://openrecords.state.pa.us
during the COVID-19 outbreak. The below information is a guideline we were
is not the appropriate way to request emergency services, police
Feedback Form
Management Agency.
Maps
terms. Terms are staggered so that at no time is the board
 |  Engineering
Open Records
Township
here
Wendy
provided by the Township.
 |  Emergency
Fill-in Forms  | 
visit the Websites listed below for information regarding the Corona
Please be assured that your website remains private. Paint Township
Virus.It is noted that the Declaration of Disaster
Emergency Management to facilitate virtual neighborhood watch and foster neighbor-to-neighbor communications.Nextdoor is
Web-site. We hope this information will provide you with a useful
State of Association of Township Supervisors (PSATS) recommends that township
Office of
what you
to Serve in times of Crisis
of Open Records Request form. 
Documents
whens using and sharing information on social media. Click here for PDF download of newsletter.
and public record request form.
to view Initial
Joanne Wright is the Right To Know officer.
staff will NOT be able to see any of the content on your neighborhood
Home 
Emergency Management
reference and summary of the Township of Paint and the services
 While township government should remain open for business, where
Senior, Office SecretaryPhone: 814 467-8296Fax:
Your
to view Introduction
E-mail: openrecords@state.pa.us
Works  |  Minutes
a tool for us to effectively share information on crime prevention and
completely new and inexperienced.  The Supervisors determine
is also trained as an Initial Damage Reporter for the Township. Click here
|  About Us 
The
