Community
Daily Newsletter
Possible heart disease symptoms  are written off due to weight
Newsletter
Newsroom: ext. 135
NEWSLETTER
BELLEFONTE - Bellefonte Area High School is currently on lockdown due to alleged threats.
Health
Local Briefs
FLEMINGTON — A new youth program will take place this summer, beginning May 20.
Browse Notices
April 10, 2023
"We were just notified by local police of a threat against the high school," ...
District Sales Manager: Matt McMann, Ext. 118 — mmcmann@lockhaven.com / delivery@lockhaven.com
Columns
News
Advertising Sales: Michaela Fye, ext. 123 — mfye@lockhaven.com
Place Notice
Homes
Jobs
Engagements
Public Notices
I'm interested in (please check all that apply) 
Phone:
LOCK HAVEN — Holy Spirit Parish will hold its annual Fun ...
Submit News
Robert O. Rolley, Jr., ext. 114 — brolley@lockhaven.com
Publisher
Twitter
Breaking News

Advertising
DANVILLE – In an innovative move designed to improve the health of communities, achieve better health care outcomes, and improve health care affordability, Kaiser Foundation Hospitals and Geisinger Health ...
Are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper?  *
Yes
Barn fire near Central Mountain High School
Customer Service Rep.: Wally Corter, Ext. 136
News Reporter: Chase Bottorf, Ext. 128 — cbottorf@lockhaven.com
Newsroom
Business
Haven Summer Youth Program, ...
Kaiser Permanente acquires Geisinger Health
Dunnstable Twp. super. elected  to state township association’s  executive committee
The election took place during PSATS’ 2023 Annual Educational Conference and Exhibit Show, held April 23-26 in Hershey. This is the largest municipal event of its kind in the state, with more than 3,500 attendees. The conference attracted township officials from every county in Pennsylvania.
Design Editor: Arianna McKee, Ext. 135 — amckee@lockhaven.com
Funerals
Anniversaries
From Staff Reports
DUNNSTABLE — Members of the Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors elected Corey J. Lucas, vice chair of the board of supervisors for Dunnstable Township in Clinton County, to a three-year term on the association’s Executive Committee.
QUICK LINKS
Local news
The Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors represents Pennsylvania’s 1,454 townships of the second class and is committed to preserving and strengthening township government and securing greater visibility and involvement for townships in the state and federal political arenas. Townships of the second class cover 95 percent of Pennsylvania’s land mass and represent more residents — nearly 5.7 million — than any other type of political subdivision in the commonwealth.
Police, court and fires
KC school board eyes a near 4% property tax hike
Legal-Help Wanted Sales: Lisa Schropp, ext. 111 — classifieds@lockhaven.com / lschropp@lockhaven.com
LH holds first commencement as Commonwealth University
April 20, 2023
Obituaries
Classifieds
 
Good Day
Haven Summer Youth Program to kick off May 20
Advertising Sales: Megan Muthler, ext. 120 — mmuthler@lockhaven.com
Advertising Sales: Tim Martin, ext. 124 — tmartin@lockhaven.com
According to an email sent to BASD parents', the school was notified by police on Wednesday morning of the potential threat.
First responders are on-location for a barn fire along Ferree Lane in Bald Eagle Township, next to Central Mountain High School. More information will be released regarding the fire as it becomes available. 
MILL HALL - The Keystone Central School Board has schedule its first public meeting to address school safety in the wake of incidents at school where students have felt threatened and, in one reported case, where a student was attacked.
Outdoors
Urgent information
Office Manager: Cathy Hendricks, ext. 113 — chendricks@sungazette.com
CCATO 110th annual county convention  set for June 1
Main: 570-748-6791
Life
...
|
Terms of Service
PA News
Meeting Thursday night, the board did not vote on a preliminary ...
Happy 
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox
  Contact Us | News, Sports, Jobs - The Express
COMMENTS
Around the Town
Mail:
Opinion
Today's Paper
/News/Urgent information 
BAHS on lockdown due to threat
Sports Desk: Ext. 126
Anniversary 
Starting at $3.69/week.
(The following is a press release issued through Geisinger's communications office)
Our View
				    
Younger set
Subscribe
Facebook
Apr 28, 2023
May 15 is deadline  for covered bridge  photo contest
Lucas is second vice president of the Clinton County Association of Township Officials. He serves as roadmaster, dirt and gravel coordinator and police liaison in the township.
  Urgent information | News, Sports, Jobs - The Express
SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe Today
Lock Haven, PA 17745
The Clinton County Department of Emergency Services released a statement regarding the calls, noting they were aware of at ...
  Dunnstable Twp. super. elected  to state township association’s  executive committee | News, Sports, Jobs - The Express
Local sports
Contact Information
Contact information:
9-11 W. Main Street
April 26, 2023
March 29, 2023
Holy Spirit Parish to hold Fun Fair June 8 through 10
KCSD sets public meeting on school safety
                                        May 15, 2023                                
Religion
News Editor: Chris Morelli, Ext. 126 — cmorelli@lockhaven.com
MACKEYVILLE — The Clinton County Association of Township Officials 110th annual convention is scheduled for ...
Area municipalities announce  Memorial Day  Parade info
Call 1 (570) 748-6791 to contact any staff member, or use the available e-mail link below.
Officials: ‘Swatting calls’ may be source behind area school threats
Copyright © The Express | https://www.lockhaven.com | 9-11 W. Main Street, Lock Haven, PA 17745 | 570-748-6791 
Circulation
and Happy Birthday to Frank Mills, of Castanea, on Saturday!
Place Legal Notice
Letters to the editor
Sports Desk: ext. 131
GOP voters across Pa. are less wedded to Trump than you think
Probst family place new flags on  veterans’ graves in North Bend
Urgent informationLocal newsPA NewsPolice, court and firesArts and CultureCommunityBusinessReligionHealthOutdoorsCoronavirusEducationGardenInternational NewsNational NewsProgressStudent Express 
CMHS Clay Target team has 25 athletes and  growing, hosts open house
March 15, 2023
Advertise
No
Managing Editor: Laura Jameson, Ext. 130 — ljameson@lockhaven.com / news@lockhaven.com
                    
The seven-member Executive Committee, the association’s five officers and the immediate past president make up the Executive Board, which is responsible for managing the affairs of the state association. The board meets frequently throughout the year to oversee association business and plan new projects that will benefit member townships.
Garage Sales
Sports
Corey Lucas 
THE EXPRESS
The first public meeting will be held at 6:30 p.m. next ...
Contact Us
Obituaries: 127 — obits@lockhaven.com
Weddings
PA Sports
Page: 1 of 100123…100 
BELLEFONTE - Area department of emergency services are aware of several 'swatting calls' in the area that may have lead to multiple lockdowns at various school districts.
newslink
Dear Annie: Loss of daughter makes me uncomfortable around babies
Saturday: Don and ...
NOVEL Con held in Centre County
×
Welcome to Our World
Community 
MOST READ
In The Schools
Advertising Manager: Jordan McCloskey, ext. 140 — jmccloskey@lockhaven.com
Sports Editor: Mike Kresovich — mkresovich@lockhaven.com / 814-574-0642
MILL HALL - A majority of Keystone Central School Board members appear poised to approve a 3.83% property tax hike next fiscal year to help pay for more staffing, more school safety strategies and higher health insurance costs.
James Morgan, Jr.
LOCK HAVEN — Time is running out for those wanting to participate in the “Capture the Covered Bridge” Photo ...
