kcampbell@lockhavenpa.gov
Tony Stopper
Community
Out-of-Network historical rates for all covered items, services and prescription drugs
Finance Clerk
manager@lockhavenpa.gov
rmellott@lockhavenpa.gov
bfarley@lockhavenpa.gov
richm@lockhavenpa.gov
Greg Wilson
Vacation/Leave
Environmental Stewardship
Manager
Vacation Request Form
Sewage Treatment
City Manager
 
The city of Lock Haven shall make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship.
2020 Census
If you are a renter or landlord in Clinton County and need assistance with rent, water, electricity, sewer, trash removal, or heating fuel payments as a result of COVID-19, this program may be of interest to you. 
To view the draft plan, please visit the following link: http://mydo.cx/MWViN2Jj
Outdoor Movie Series
2021 Water Quality Report
Water
BY DROP BOX – We have two drop boxes available for your convenience.  One is located beside the handicap entrance in front of City Hall. (far right corner of the building, black box with silver handle)  This drop box can be used 24/7.  We also have a drop box located in the entry way of City Hall.  (use front steps) This drop box can be used Monday through Friday, 8:30-12:00, 1:00-4:30.  Cash, Checks, and Money orders are accepted in both drop boxes.
Group Life: Full-time Police
Identity Theft Protection Services
Abigail Roberts
Select photos on this site are used by permission of local photographer David B. Kawchak.  For prints or to explore works by this local artist, visit his website.
Sewer Treatment
Sewage Treatment Plant
570-893-5920
Receptionist
Ivanna Trader 
Community Life
Contact Us - City of Lock Haven, PA
Financial Administration
FAQ’s
There will be a regular meeting of Council on Monday, May 15, 2023 at 7:00 pm.  held at the Waste Water Treatment Plant located at 20 S Hanna St.  This meeting will be live streamed and available to view on the City’s Facebook and Youtube pages.  A copy of the agenda is available here and posted on the door of City Hall.
Streets & Bridges
Sustainability
Police
Summer Concert Series
PAY YOUR PARKING TICKET ONLINE
Quick LinksSEARCH THE CITY ORDINANCES
Once you login at the above site, you can view a summary of group health plan coverage and submit claims to the HRA spending account for your city-paid deductible.
cwalker@lockhavenpa.gov
Public Works
In-Network Rates for all covered in-network items and services
City of Lock Haven Safety Committee
Workplace Violence & Harassment Policy
Destination Lock Haven
Public Notices
570-893-5613
Employment Opportunities
More information on medical benefits (both subsidized and voluntary) can be found at the City’s open enrollment page
Resources
lstover@lockhavenpa.gov
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Student Loans
Life status changes can be made anytime during the year, although newborns must be added within 30 days of birth (social security number is not required to arrive prior to adding your newborn to insurance).
Investment Administration
Ethics Administration
PAY YOUR WATER/SEWER BILL ONLINE
Monday, April 17, 2023
LIVE RIVER WEBCAM Sponsored by Downtown Lock Haven, Inc.
2021 ANNUAL DRINKING WATER QUALITY REPORT
New Hire & Annual Training Online

View our most recent EEO Utilization Report
Highmark PPO Glossary
Parking Fines
2017 Water Quality Report
Governance and Community Engagement
To activate this discount enter your work email address to receive a confirmation email to validate the discount.  Or, you can choose to submit a paystub to take advantage of the discount from Verizon Wireless.
The city of Lock Haven shall not discriminate in hiring, job assignments, promotion, discipline, termination, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, classification, referral, and other aspects of employment, on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, or any other characteristics protected by law.
570-893-5900
Summer Recreation Program
Employee Benefit Quick-Reference:
Fire
Voluntary Health Insurance
City of Lock Haven, PA - Official Site
2018 Water Quality Report
570-748-5123
Public Works personnel will be conducting the City’s Annual Spring Clean-Up throughout the City on the following days:
Workplace Safety
Please contact Clinton County Housing Authority at erapinfo@clintoncountyhousing.com with any questions.
tlannan@lockhavenpa.gov
Department
Personnel Administration - City of Lock Haven, PA
handiesfire@kcnet.com
wspicher@lockhavenpa.gov
Commercial Loan Program
Fire Department
Healthy Communities
570-893-5610
You may be eligible to have your loans forgiven after 10 years of qualifying employment and payments.  You should submit an Employment Certification Form (ECF) to the Department of Education to find out if your employment and payments qualify.  Visit  StudentAid.gov/publicservice to learn more
BY MAIL – Checks and Money orders can be mailed to 20 E Church St.  Lock Haven, PA 17745.  Checks and Money Orders should be made out to City of Lock Haven. 
Robert Neff
Real Estate Tax
Hard copies of the draft are available at City Hall, Clinton County Piper Building, Downtown Lock Haven, Inc. office, and Annie Halenbake Ross Library.
Land Use and Transportation
Policies
Building & Construction
dwenker@lockhavenpa.gov
Programs
IMPORTANT! Flu & Shingles Vaccine Information
The city of Lock Haven shall not discriminate in hiring, job assignments, promotion, discipline, termination, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, classification, referral, and other aspects of employment, on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, or any other characteristics protected by law.  The city of Lock Haven shall make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship.
Area Flood Protection Authority
Location
Forest Management
 
570-893-5911
Locations
Personnel Administration
Jon Hart (Draftsman)
2019 Water Quality Report
All employees have a complimentary access to ConnectCare to help you with your healthcare decisions.  Get in touch with your personal healthcare advocate at ConnectCare3
Life Insurance
(Select Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield Pennsylvania)
This link leads to the machine readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine-readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data.
Ordinances
Water Department
AllState voluntary critical illness coverage
Right to Know
United Concordia Dental Health
ConnectCare Info Sheet
Sidewalk Replacement Program
AFSCME
Levee Easement
NOTE:  AFSCME employees must submit requests prior to April 1 each year to take advantage of Section 12.13 of the contract.
Kasey Campbell
570-893-5917
jhart@lockhavenpa.gov
How do I pay my Water/Sewer bill?
570-893-5912
mrickard@lockhavenpa.gov
FMLA Initial Request
ADA Accessibility
Information will be updated monthly. The detailed pricing information must include:
Training
Streets Department
Open Burning
amcgregor@lockhavenpa.gov
Ext
Drop 10 in 10 with a Fitness Coach
Planner I (Entry Level)
GIS/GPS Mapping
Admin. Secretary
Home
City Council
Protection Services
e-mail
Government
Parking
Menu
Part-time Archivist
Cyndi Walker (Code)
In-Network negotiated rates and historical net prices for all covered prescription drugs by plan at the pharmacy location level. This prescription drug information has been delayed pending additional rules.
View our financial data and compare us to other municipalities at GovRank.org
Airport Operations
Discounts
Energy Use, Conservation and Green Building
Community Development Block Grants
Open Enrollment
Monday, April 10, 2023
Volunteer Day time-off request
Bicycle Safety
570-893-5909
Take Care Wage Works Flex Spending Account (provides a deduction from your payroll to be held and used by you for health expenses)
Recycling
Fire Dept Advisory Board
Jill Edmonds
Floating Stage
City of Lock Haven, PA
Commercial Recycling
Airport
PUBLIC NOTICES:
Food Trucks and Vendors
astopper@lockhavenpa.gov
Angie McGregor
EMERGENCY RENTAL ASSISTANCE
Business & Development
aroberts@lockhavenpa.gov
Bobbie Farley (Water)
Employee Reimbursement Form for submission to the City Manager
National Insurance Services supplemental life insurance
 Select photos used by permission,
Residents
2020 Water Quality Report
Engineering
Department Roster
Housing
United Concordia Dental Benefits Summary
Allstate Group Accident Insurance Claim Form
Departments
Doug Wenker (Airport)
Events
Lock Haven City Authority
City-Subsidized Medical Benefits
Health Newsletters
Donna Jedrzejek (Code)
SEARCH HERE FOR THE DRUG YOU’VE BEEN PRESCRIBED TO SEE WHAT YOUR CO-PAY WILL BE
Chronic Disease Management
Skip to content
Code Enforcement
570-893-5614
NEW! Virtual Medicine
Allstate Accident Physician’s Visit Form
570-893-5603
Map Room
Health & Food
Citizen Complaint Process
Triangle Park
https://mrfdata.hmhs.com. 
570-893-5612
Education
Highmark Bluecross/Blueshield Login
jedmonds@lockhavenpa.gov
Highmark is committed to helping self-funded customers comply with this new rule and will create and publish the MRFs on your behalf. Highmark will make this information available through the link:
Downtown Parking
Web Accessibility
Forms & Publications
Group Life: Eligible Full-time
 River (Latest Observation)Observation - LHVP1 - West Branch Susquehanna River at Lock Haven (Pennsylvania)Flood Categories Primary (ft) Action : 17 ft Minor : 21 ft Moderate : 23 ft Major : 25 ft Secondary (kcfs) Action : Not Set Minor : Not Set Moderate : Not Set Major : Not Set Gauge Data Latest Observation Category: Normal Latest Observation: 8.7 ft Latest Observation (Secondary): 3.14 kcfs Observation Time: […] 
Emergency Preparedness
Name
Get your preventative exam
Lock Haven Civil Space
Becky Mellott (Police)
The guidelines and FAQs are available here: http://www.cchousingcoalition.org/
ONLINE – visit https://lockhaven.authoritypay.com/  You can pay with your checking account or your card.  You will need your account number and CID number to set up your account.  If you don’t have these handy, feel free to call us during business hours to provide this information: 570-893-5909
Community Services
Highmark PPO Blue Coverage Quick Reference
City Authority
570-893-5624
AFSCME for fiscal (calendar) years 2019-2022 (extended by resolution to 12/31/2023)
Zoning
Redevelopment Authority
570-893-5623
Organization & Records
Parking Permits
Open for Business
Lori Stover
Certain limits to mental health benefits
LHPOA for fiscal (calendar) years 2018-2021 (extended by resolution to 12/31/2022)
Parks & Recreation
Rental Property Registration
Tuesday, April 11, 2023
Fair Housing Policy
Code
Elected Officials
Richard Marcinkevage
2016 Water Quality Report
Leave of Absence Policy (whether paid or unpaid)
 Matthew Rickard (Police Chief)
New Hire & Annual Safety Training
Housing Rehabilitation Program
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
BlueCare Senior Coverage document (for police retirees over 65 on Medicare)
Enroll now in Fitness Your Way & get access to 9,500 fitness locations
City Beach
ConnectCare Brochure
© David B. Kawchak.
Highmark PPO Blue Coverage Document (active full-time employees)
Press Release
Pesticides & Herbicides
Wendi Spicher
Castanea Township Project
570-893-5915
Contact Us
Highmark health newsletter
Got a question? Call your Health Coach!
BlueCare PPO Health Enrollment & Change Form (Full-time only)
If there are any questions or concerns about any type of discrimination in the workplace, they can be brought to the attention of the City Manager. Concerns and reports can be made without fear of reprisal. Anyone found engaging in any type of unlawful discrimination can be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
itrader@lockhavenpa.gov
Verizon Wireless Employee Discount & Employment Verification
Service Line Warranty
City personnel will not pick up trees, building materials, household garbage, ashes, appliances, furniture, or other refuse of this type
Non-union
Leaves and garden residue must be kept separate, placed in bags or containers weighing not more than 50 pounds, and placed along the street curb or sidewalk by 7:00 A.M. each day.  Brush or limbs must be tied in bundles.
Tuesday, April 18, 2023
570-893-5611
City residents can also bring their own brush to the Public Works Facility located at 99 Second Avenue between the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 3:30 P.M. All brush must be bundled and clean of debris. No trees allowed and large branches must be trimmed down to fit. To deposit your brush at the Public Works Facility please call and schedule at (570) 893-5917 extension 0.
Agenda & Minutes
Boards & Commissions
donnaj@lockhavenpa.gov
570-893-5901
DESTINATION LOCK HAVEN:City of Lock Haven’s Comprehensive Plan
EyeMed Vision
570-893-5916
Search for:
Group Life: Eligible Part-time
NEW! Mail Order Pharmacy – Save Time & Money
NOTE:  Police must submit request prior to February 1 each year to take advantage of Section 11.07 of the contract.
Local Services Tax
Tammy Lannan (Police)
Planning
WATER CONSERVATION
The city also produces an Annual Drinking Water Quality Report that details source and detected sample results:
