VanDine, Michael, Police Chief
Planning Commission
johnson@hemlocktownship.org
Subject:
         Bloomsburg, PA 17815
Morris , Harold
 
Boards of Supervisors
Your Contact Information
570-784-9310
Howell, D. Randy, Supervisor
Security Code:
Directions
Board of Supervisors
Online Payments
Meeting Agendas
Romansik, Mike
police@hemlocktownship.org
Police
Subject is required.
News / Notices
Staib, Robert
You must enter a message.
Email Address
Ottaviani, Denise
Online Resources
Johnson, Craig
dietterick@hemlocktownship.org
         26 Firehall Rd
Telephone:

Email is required.
Telephone must be valid format.
Services
Welcome to Hemlock Township
moist@hemlocktownship.org
Park Committee
McDeavitt, James
kramer@hemlocktownship.org
About Us
         
office@hemlocktownship.org
Township Services
Postal Code:
Hemlock Municipal Sewer Cooperative
Erwin, Dawne
Dietterick,Charles
Message must be no more than 1000 characters
Lehman, Todd
Message Body:
DeMarco, Michael
Roote,Henry
Useful Links
Bacon, Brittany
Login
Telephone is required.
Your Feedback
Sutton, Jeffrey, Manager
Ordinances
Township services such as ordinances, online payments, and downloadable forms, can be found on our services page.  [more]
         P: 570.784.6178 | F: 570.784.3288
Hunsinger, Jr., Albert, Supervisor
Hemlock Township can process payments for Parking Tickets and Accident Reports online via Jet Pay Payment Services. No parking signs are erected by each business and under Section 6133 of the PA Vehicle code permits local authorities to enforce parking regulations.   [more]
Community Events
Troychock, Nicholas
570-784-6543
Klinger, Frederick, Supervisor 
Enter the code shown above into the box.
Request Accident Report
Bella, Michelle, Assistant Manager
570-389-1208
Baker, Karen
Home
Hemlock Township
City:
The Board of Supervisors and other Management Staff would like to personally thank the dedicated Officers of Hemlock Township for the service provided to our businesses and residents.  Be Stormwater Smart - Monday, September 26, 2022Urban stormwater runoff pollution is a problem that has no boundaries, and neither does the solution! While the DEP Bureau of Clean Water works with counties, towns and other municipalities, construction firms, and industries to help them follow regulations to reduce stormwater runoff, Pennsylvania residents can also do their part to reduce stormwater runoff. read more ...LIBRARY PRIVILEGES - Wednesday, August 10, 2016Did You Know?...As a resident of Hemlock Township, you are entitled to free library privileges at the Bloomsburg Public Library! read more ...
	Hemlock Township > Contact Us
 bacon@hemlocktownship.org
Frequently Asked Questions
DeGreen, Molly
Conner, Andy
During Police Week, let us demonstrate our appreciation for the unsung heroes who nobly wear the badge and put their lives at risk to protect people each and every day.  Let us honor the brave officers whose bright futures were cut short in the line of duty.  Let us come together to help police be the partners and protectors our communities and our Nation need for a safer, more just America.
1000
        Emergency Services
Postal Code is required.
RECYCLING - Wednesday, September 21, 2022Hemlock Township offers its residents recycling on the first Saturday of the month from 8:00 AM to Noon.  Recycling can be dropped off in the parking lot of the Buckhorn Community Fire Company where the company will have a trailer set up. If the parking lot s unavailable for any reason the drop off point will be at the township building parking area, 26 Firehall Road,. There will be no service available on weekends that include a holiday.  There will only be curbside pick up in Hunter's Chase, Foxtail, and Fernville. You may be requested to show identification upon arrival at the drop off site to ensure that only Hemlock Township residents are utilizing this service.  If you have any questions please call the office, 570-784-6178 or you can email to, sutton@hemlocktownship.org.  
Township Directory
Postal Code must be valid format.
Email:
Name is required.
570-784-6178
570-387-9632
 570-784-6543
We will post community events, as well as township meetings and dates of interest to our Events Calendar.  Check back from time to time.
Incorrect Security Code
Events
About The Township
Street is required.
	Hemlock Township > Home
            
Meeting Minutes
	Hemlock Township > About The Township > Directory
Staib, Jennifer
Emergency Services
Bardo, David
Name
Pay Parking Ticket
911 Address Sign Form
Zoning Hearing Board
Traugh, Scott
vandine@hemlocktownship.org
Wenner, Jr., Ken
roote@hemlocktownship.org
570-784-9171
Send Feedback
Vacation House Watch Request
 Moist, Renee - Zoning Officer
Refresh Captcha
FAQ
Name:
Email must be valid.
Mission Statement
sutton@hemlocktownship.org
Welcome to the Hemlock Township Online Information Center!  This website offers you easy access to local government information, twenty-four hours a day.  If you have a suggestion for the website or desire additional information, please let us know.  After all, we want to provide the information you need most and that in which you are most interested.  
Kramer, Larina, Secretary 
 570-784-6178
         Hemlock Township
Police and 
Permits and Applications
morris@hemlcoktownship.org
Contact Us
Carr, Daniel, Supervisor
Morrow, Mark, Supervisor
City is required.
hmscoop@verizon.net
klinger@hemlocktownship.org
Street:
Region or State is required.
Announcements
Phone
Region or State:
National Police Week 2023  - Sunday, May 14, 2023For generations, courageous men and women of our Nation’s law enforcement community have dedicated their lives to protecting us in big cities, small towns, and suburban neighborhoods across America.  Each morning, police officers pin on their shield and walk out the door to go to work, hoping they will come home safely.  Last year, a record number of law enforcement officers died in the line of duty.  On Peace Officers Memorial Day and during Police Week, we express our gratitude for these selfless public servants who put themselves in harm’s way to keep us safe and honor those who lost their lives in the line of duty. 
Directory
 bella@hemlocktownship.org
traugh@hemlcoktownship.org
