Home | Township Government | News | Planning & Zoning | Township Services | Meeting Minutes | Ordinances
5/22/2023 - 7:00 PM
Township News
Township Clerk: Cynthia Parrish  
Construction Code Enforcement
History
© 2010 Athens Township Supervisors. All rights reserved.    
Planning Commission
Zoning Officials
Calendar
    Web Site Developed By:
        Sayre, PA 18840
5/29/2023 - 7:55 AM
Parks & Recreation
Township Services
      Tuesday, May 16th, 2023      
 
ZHB Meeting
		  (570) 888-2200 
Building Permits and Inspections: Code Inspections, Inc.
Planning & Zoning
5/23/2023 - 6:30 PM
Open Records Officer: Michelle Rude: Right to know requests can be made by sending a Right to Know Request Form to right-to-know-request@athenstownship.org. Right to know appeals can be made to the Office of Open Records here or by calling (717) 346-9903
Board of Supervisors
        Athens Township ·  (570) 888-2325
Legal Notices
Home | Site Map
Recycle Program
Memorial Day--OFFICE CLOSED
Township Treasurer: Ruth Casterline  
        45 Herrick Avenue
Assistant Zoning Officer: Cynthia Parrish email: cparrish@athenstownship.org 
Cynthia serves as clerk to the  township and she is the Planning Commission and the Zoning Hearing Board secretary. Her office hours are 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM
F.A.Q.s
Welcome To Athens Township
Ruth serves as treasurer of the township. She is responsible for all financial township transactions. Her office hours are 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM
 
Staff
Minutes / Agenda
The Township continues to  possess many of the rural traits and traditions that helped to shape this  community. Like much of rural Pennsylvania it is a beautiful, serene, safe, and vibrant  community in which to raise a family.
Athens Township, Bradford County Pennsylvania
 Penn dot Township Road Map
Parks Meeting
Our hope is this web site provides a continuing flow of meaningful  information to our residents and encourages increased communication between the  Township and the public that we serve.
Township Administrative Secretary: Michelle Rude  email: mrude@athenstownship.org 
Cynthia handles issues concerning land use, subdivision and zoning including issuing zoning permits and enforcing the zoning ordinance. She processes applications for subdivision, land development, conditional use and Zoning Hearing Board applications. Her office hours are Monday through Friday from 8:30AM to 4:00PM.
Ordinances
 Athens Township Map
        (570) 888-2325 
 Police nonemergency:
Code Inspection, Inc. issues building permits, performs building inspections and enforces the building for Athens Township. Their representative, Matt Gorman, has office hours at the township office Tuesdays and Thursdays from 1 PM to 3 PM. He can be reached by phone during that time at 570-928-9208, or you may visit their website at http://www.codeinspectionsinc.com/index.php for further information.
Athens Township Staff
Michelle serves as secretary to the Board of Supervisors. Her office hours are 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM.
WHAT'S HAPPENING
The Township features recreation parks and rivers, access to a major  medical center, and great local shopping provided by wonderful local shops and large  chain stores.  We are minutes away from  (2) airports providing access to all major cities in the northeast. The township is served by the Athens Area School District.
Township Government
Zoning Officer: Edmund Reid email: ereid@athenstownship.org

Forms / Applications | Legal Notices | Calendar | History | F.A.Q.s | Site Map
Forms / Applications
        Athens Township
	    Police emergency:         911 
We are centrally located on the northern  border of Bradford County with a population of 5,000. Officially  formed in 1797, the Township surrounds the area known as the "Valley" which  includes: Athens, Sayre, and South Waverly Boroughs. The  north border is defined by the New York Pennsylvania state line. The Chemung and Susquehanna Rivers serve as the borders to the Boroughs  inside the Township. A major thoroughfare for the Township is US Route 220,  which runs north and south near the center of the township. Easy access from New York's Interstate 86/RT 17 is provided by (2)  interchanges.
Edmund handles issues concerning land use, subdivision and zoning including issuing zoning permits and enforcing the zoning ordinance. He processes applications for subdivision, land development, conditional use, road bonding and Zoning Hearing Board applications. Edmond is also the Public Information Officer (Emergency). His office hours are from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
Zoning Hearing Board
