German
Telugu
Fredricksen Library
<a href="http://www.hampdentownship.us/contact_us/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
Utility Payment Assistance Programs
Planning Commission
Authorization for Direct Withdrawal if you would like to take advantage of this convenient way to have your quarterly charges paid from your checking or savings account.
Community Development
this news
Hampden Township Fertilizer Training Session
 Facebook
Latvian
Hampden Industrial Development Authority
Codified Ordinances
<a href="http://www.hampdentownship.us/township_departments/police_department/police_department_information/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
Facilities
Michael S. Erno, CPRP- Director of Parks and Recreationmerno@hampdentownship.us
Yard Waste Facility
Hampden Township Watersheds
Accessibility
Police News
French
Vote for Armitage Golf Club
Thai
Czech
Public Works Wastewater Division
This is a non emergency contact system and is not monitored during nonbusiness hours including evenings, weekends, and holidays. If you are experiencing an emergency, please call 911.Sewer Blocked?Call Roth Lane Wastewater Treatment Plant for Help. Residents and commercial property owners who are experiencing a sanitary sewer blockage or backup are reminded to notify the Township Roth Lane Wastewater Treatment Plant at 761-7963 before calling a plumber.  Township staff will verify if the sewer main located in the street is open. If necessary, an inspection of the six-inch lateral from the sewer main to the curb or right-of-way will be scheduled during normal business hours.Citizen Request System Do you have a citizen’s request for Hampden Township?  Some examples of citizen requests would be potholes, street lights and street signs, high grass, road maintenance, parks maintenance, and storm water issues. Please use the map based form below to submit your request. 
Japanese
Latest news
Report an issue with a streetlight
Swahili
Urdu
Snow Removal
<a href="http://www.hampdentownship.us/">Your Link Name</a>
	Police Department Information
	Hampden Township Parks and Recreation Staff
Yoruba
Agendas & Minutes
Meeting Schedule
Tamil
Registration Procedures
Hampden Township Official Map
The combined residential sewer rental, trash/recycling, and stormwater management quarterly fee will be $214.73, effective January 1, 2023. The commercial sewer rental fee per quarter is a minimum of $102.54.
Township Departments
Home Township Departments Finance/Utility Billing Billing Information
Hampden Pool
Contact us today:
Belarusian
The Township bills on a calendar quarterly basis for sewer rental, residential trash/recycling services and stormwater management fee for which payment is due by the last day of the first month of the quarter. A ten-percent penalty charge is assessed for late payments.
Sewer Authority - Sanitary
Civil Service Commission
Special Events
Brief History
Hampden Township Veterans Recognition Committee
Fun Food Fest Sponsors Sought
Action Items
Bulk Item Pickup
Icelandic
Galician

Macedonian
Library Services
Norwegian
Tax Collector
Home Township Departments Recreation Department Hampden Township Parks and Recreation Staff
Golf Advisory Board
Agendas and Decisions
Zoning Map
Leaf Collection Program
Resident ID Cards
Online Forms
Stormwater Authority
Forms/Maps
Stormwater Management Fee
Maori
Agenda
General Citizen Request
Fingerprinting
Yiddish
Township Services
Dutch
Maltese
Igbo
Cebuano
Township Calendar
Creek Access at Srouji Park
Danish
Hindi
Basque
Recreation Department
Hampden Township Social Media Policy
Web Links
	Contact Us
Turkish
Residential Recycling
Hampden Township Police Personnel
Your First Name*
Billing Information
Javanese
Armitage Golf Course
Employment
Household Hazardous Waste
Armenian
Hampden Township Volunteer Fire Company
Recreation Calendar
 Twitter
Electronic Recycling
 
Jeremy Mortorff, CPRP, CPO- Recreation Program Specialist/ Pool Managerjmortorff@hampdentownship.us
Citizen Request
Hebrew
Zulu
Login
								
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of 
Hampden Township Emergency Email Alerts
Please note the following is a list of State-owned and maintained roads.  For maintenance issues with those roads, please notify PennDOT at 1-800-FIX-ROAD.  Carlisle Pike, Central Blvd., Good Hope Road, 581, Lamb’s Gap Road (between Conodoguinet Creek and Wertzville Road), Railroad Ave., Sheely Lane, Simpson Ferry Road, Sporting Hill Road, St. John’s Church Road, Trindle Road, Valley Road and Wertzville Road.Contact UsIf your request does not correlate to one of the categories below in the map form, you may report other general matters by using the form at the bottom of this webpage. Board of CommissionersDo you wish to contact a Hampden Township Commissioner on a policy matter?  Click Here to obtain a list of Board of Commissioner e-mail addresses.
Gujarati
Issue*?
Portuguese
Finnish
Township Newsletters
History and Future of Hampden Township
Right to Know
Taxpayers Bill of Rights
The Township does not provide trash/recycling services to commercial establishments, hotels/motels, schools, mobile home parks or apartment buildings with six or more residential units. These properties are, however, required by Act 101 to recycle. For more information on recycling requirements for commercial properties, click on Commercial Recycling.
English
Estonian
Hampden Township Voting Precincts Map
Nepali
Public Works Stormwater Division
Share this page
Eagle Scout Projects
Croatian
Share this page on your favorite Social network
Home Contact Us
Public Works Department
Phone*
Chinese (Simplified)
Albanian
Hausa
Residential Trash ServiceResidential Recycling ServiceHoliday Trash/Recycle ScheduleBulk Item PickupCommercial RecyclingBilling InformationCurrent Sewer Rates
Hampden Township Citizen Police Academy
Community Development Permits
Other Permits
F: 717-761-7267
Police Department
Skip to main content
Kannada
Hampden EMS
Home
Serbian
Welsh
Welcome to Township of Hampden, PA
Chapter 94 Map
Government
Go
Manager's Corner
Polish
House Check
Adopt-A-Highway Program
Current Plans and Proposed Text Amendments
Read More
Azerbaijani
Malay
Police Calendar
Filipino
Copy and paste this code into your website.
Your Last Name*
Citizen Resources
Agendas and Minutes
Emergency Preparedness Guide
Email
Slovak
Lithuanian
Marathi
Email*
Commercial Recycling
Hampden township
Recreation News
Haitian Creole
Pay Sewer/Trash Online
<a href="http://www.hampdentownship.us/township_departments/finance_utility_billing/billing_information.php">Your Link Name</a>
Bid Results
Domestic Animal Ordinances
Lao
Chinese (Traditional)
Kimberly Lambert - Recreation Services Clerk/Trip Coordinatorklambert@hampdentownship.us
Police Blotter
Police Department Information
Maps/Forms
Arabic
Edit Form
Payment by check may be mailed or hand-delivered to our office or placed in our drop box, located in front of the Municipal Building at the Administration Entrance.
Slovenian
Parks
The Township also accepts Visa/Mastercard for payment. You can utilize this service by making payment in person at the Township Municipal Building, calling the Utility Billing Department at 717-909-7145 or going online to www.hampdentownship.us and clicking on the Pay Sewer/Trash Bill link. We do not do automatic withdrawals to credit cards.
Georgian
Shannon Minnich, CPRP- Program Coordinatorsminnich@hampdentownship.us
Police Blotters
Township meetings
Events
P: 717-761-0119
Pay Sewer & Trash Bill
Afrikaans
Russian
Please use the form above to submit your request.  If your request does not fit in one of the above categories continue to use the form below.  Please do not use this form to sign up for the emergency email alert system. Click Hampden Township Emergency Alerts instead.
Finance/Utility Links
	Billing Information
Report Requests
Volunteer Fire Company
view all events
Esperanto
Emergency Services
Hungarian
Hampden Park Pickleball Improvements
Budget Memo
Hampden Township Parks and Recreation Staff
Hampden Pool Opening Day is soon! Buy your membership now!
Standard Construction and Material Specifications for Sanitary Sewer Extensions
Register Online
Somali
website accessibility
Punjabi
Zoning Hearing Board
Holiday Trash Schedule
Korean
Home Township Departments Police Department Police Department Information
Persian
Romanian
Ukrainian
Public Works Plan Review Inspection Group
Department Mission Statement:The mission of the Hampden Township Police Department is to work in partnership with the community to enhance the quality of life in Hampden Township by providing quality police services with courtesy, fairness, impartiality and to continually promote and preserve a sense of security and safety for all citizens within Hampden Township.The values of the Hampden Township Police Department provide professional, compassionate and effective police services to the residents and visitors of Hampden Township as a means to enhance and maintain the high quality of life in our community. These values are: Equality- application of the law and services without respect to race, sex, color, creed or condition. Service- devoting our efforts, resources, skills and selves to helping and others. Integrity- conducting our duties honestly, transparently and ethically. Respect- demonstrating due regard for the feelings, wishes, rights, or traditions of others. Courage- displaying strength and determination in the face of danger and fear. Honor- adherence to what is right or to a conventional standard of conduct.
Dog License
FAQ
Direct withdrawal of quarterly charges (Click Online Forms)
Sewer Authority - Stormwater
Spanish
Indonesian
Peddler and Solicitor's Permit
Administration Department
Rates, Rules, and Regulations for the Stormwater Management System
Public Works Maintenance Division
For general recreation related questions, please email parksdept@hampdentownship.us
Township of Hampden, PA
Search
Monday - Friday
Community Resources
Where People Come First
Cumberland County
Pool
Public Works Fleet Division
Vietnamese
Bids and Contracts
Bengali
Catalan
Credit Card Payment
8:00 AM - 4:30 PM
Sewer Rates
Bosnian
Mixed Use District
Bulgarian
© 2022 Hampden Township
209 S. Sporting Hill Road Mechanicsburg, PA 17050
Stormwater Public Meetings
Hmong
Hampden Township Photo Gallery
Cumberland County Alert Center
Contact Us
 Reddit
Sports Organizations
Khmer
Preferred Method of Contact*?
Pick Up Pennsylvania!
Mongolian
Residential Trash
Latest News
Board of Commissioners
Irish
×
Right To Know
Township Publications
Latin
Comprehensive Plan
Swedish
view more
Powered by revize. Government Website Experts
Close
Italian
Accreditation
Stormwater Meeting Calendar
Follow us on:
Phone
<a href="http://www.hampdentownship.us/township_departments/recreation_department/hampden_township_parks_and_recreation_staff.php">Your Link Name</a>
Greek
Memorial Day Trash Collection
Finance/Utility Billing
