IBA Insurance is an independent insurance agency that represents clients in Central Pennsylvania.
Onsite or Offsite Shredding? Which Makes the Most Sense for Your Business?
4 Reasons your Business needs Surveillance and Security Cameras
Phishing scammers use trusted electronic signature platform requests to trick users into opening emails, clicking on malicious links, or opening attachments.
December 16, 2022
Planning Commission
Success Story
Order Supplies
November 23, 2022
Exploring what's best for your office equipment? Use this post to get started...
Now more than ever, we rely on our server and computer systems to conduct day to day business. We expect to easily access our email,...
Grants Awarded
Tech Corner
Mint Mailing Solutions
August 28, 2019
What is Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) and Why Is It So Important?
Higher Information Group Acquires Twin Tier Imaging Systems of Elmira, NY
Solving business challenges by delivering expertise, solutions, and success so our customers can focus on doing what they do best! We love the work we do and the customers we do it for!
What’s the Latest and Greatest
Seven Document Scanning Tips
Industries We Serve
We are a mountainous, rural municipality in central Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. We are about 10 miles north of the capitol in Harrisburg and border the Susquehanna River. We have the largest land mass of any municipality in Dauphin County (almost 60 square miles) and a population of just over 5,000 (as of the 2020 census).
Label Printers
Are You Ready to Start Decreasing Your Dependency on Paper?
Google My Business is a free tool allows you to claim your local listing and position yourself as a local resource for those searching for...
Toll Free: 800.564.7002Local: 717.652.3310[email protected]
Meeting Schedule
April 27, 2020
January 13, 2021
January 17, 2022
Office LocationsWho We AreSuccess StoriesSend Us Your FeedbackTech CornerOur PortfolioFAQ
Central PA Food Bank: Marketing Success Story
January 26, 2020
The ongoing COVID-19 situation has disrupted life as we know it, including how we do our jobs. For many, working remotely is a new experience....
Communicating in the Age of COVID19
Healthcare
June 3, 2019
What is PaperCut and How Does it Work?
Wednesday: 9:00 A.M. – 12:00 P.M.
Managed Print Services
News + Events
Paul, not his real name, received an email telling him his account had been compromised and would be deactivated unless he confirmed his credit card...
Is it Time to Update Your Company’s Mailing Equipment?
Our Story
IT employees everywhere are experiencing an overwhelming amount of work-related stress and burnout, more than ever before. Even before the COVID-19 pandemic, this was occurring,...
What Your Printer Has to Tell You Could Be Alarming…
Scaling a business requires more than the ability to expand your client list and generate more sales. Knowing how to run the backend of your...
How COVID-19 Has Changed Social Media for Brands
Blog
Office 365 Tips: What You Should Know
January 4, 2021
							From multifunctional devices (MFDs) to mailing equipment to wide format printing. We offer solutions to increase productivity and collaboration.  
June 9, 2022
Since 2015, November has been officially proclaimed “National Gratitude Month” throughout the United States & Canada. During a year that’s been slightly more challenging than...
January 31, 2020
Office Solutions
Printer/Copier Security – What You Need to Know
School Security Camera Systems - Success Story
in Our Industries
The McShane Law Firm is the premier DUI and criminal defense law firm in Central Pennsylvania. Based in Harrisburg, McShane has nearly 20 years of...
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
Finishing Equipment
March 18, 2020
Higher Information Group, LLC. © 2021
With $715 million in assets, Patriot Federal Credit Union, which is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration offers a full line of savings...
Portfolio
Nothing is more frustrating when you are trying to work remotely than having an internet connection that is too slow, continues to drop or cannot...
The holidays are some of the busiest times for businesses and shoppers alike. Along with the boom in sales, a boom in crime is also...
“Companies landing on this elite list are in the top tier of Toshiba resellers operating throughout North and South America and intent on delivering the...
 
Proactive Managed IT Solutions that Support Your Growing Business. Wherever. Whenever.
Why Branding Is Important in Marketing
Is It Time to Make a Move to Offsite Document Storage?
Managed IT Services
How In-Plants Are Adapting to Changing Conditions
FollowFollowFollowFollow
Printing costs can be a serious drain on your company’s budget. The level of “ouch” depends on the size of your business, the number of...
The end of Windows 7, Microsoft’s 10-year-old operating system, is rapidly approaching. Set for January 14, 2020, support and updates for the OS will end.
Merakey: Office and Document Success Story
We proudly deliver transformative solutions in 4 major areas – Office Solutions, Technology Solutions, Document Solutions and Marketing Services – that empower customers to focus their brilliance on their business. Our subject matter experts and dedicated team members will work with you to understand your business and your challenges and implement solutions that accelerate efficiency and drive growth. Higher Information Group has offices in Harrisburg, Danville, Elmira, Philadelphia, Rochester and Wilkes-Barre. 
Resolutions
Benefits of Network Cabling for New Commercial Construction or Existing Workspace
Security Solutions
There are a lot of acronyms thrown around the digital marketing world. However, one of the most important is SEO.
Printer? Copier? Both? What's Best for Your Office's Needs?
13 Reasons We Love Microsoft Teams
 Call Us Today 
 Events 
There are no notices at this time.
March 8, 2021
Dauphin County
Metzger Wickersham Success Story
Considering Managed IT? Ask These 6 Questions
Small to midsize business owners know how important it is to find ways to increase efficiency while still allowing for growth and performance.  In...
6 Signs Your Antivirus Software May Not Be Enough
Services / Important Phone Numbers
Phone717-921-8128
Dauphin, PA 17018                        Dauphin, PA 17018
Fax717-474-8146
February 28, 2020
Content marketing helps businesses increase audience engagement, boost brand presence and drive sales by giving customers what they’re looking for while they’re searching for it.
What does a school, a dental practice, and a beauty salon have in common? They all create paper records that at some point need to...
It is estimated that employees print approximately 10,000 pages* in the office annually, or more than $700 worth of paper and ink per person.
Marketing- what’s the first thing that comes to mind? Direct mailers, TV and radio ads, newspaper billboards or events? Or perhaps emails, social networks, websites,...
Hardware Procurement & Management
Cyberattacks didn’t slow down at all in 2021. In fact, there was a 50% increase in cybersecurity incidents year-over-year.
About HIG
February 22, 2022
An IT To-Do List for Employee Termination
Company
Protect Your Business from Crime During the Holidays
Higher Information Group Marketing Team Wins Two Peak Achievement Awards
Wide Format Printers
The ever-increasing competitive business landscape challenges leadership to be nimble and agile. The goal is always to be ahead of the curve, not behind it....
December 20, 2021
Cybersecurity is a crucial concern for companies of all sizes, from startups to established enterprises. One successful cybersecurity attack can lead to disclosing the personal...
View Document Solutions
May 16, 2022 - Higher Information Group, headquartered in Harrisburg, PA, announced today that they were honored with three awards, including Best Marketing Design, Best...
Impactful Marketing on a Budget
#TeamHIG Goes All-In on Gratitude for November
To Our Customers and Partners, The following is an update from Higher Information Group (HIG) regarding the COVID-19 restrictions that have been implemented across the...
Transforming Your Business is One Decision Away
April 13, 2023
The Benefits of In-House Mailing Equipment
Send Us Your Feedback
May 15, 2020
Message*CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Could working with an IT service provider give you an edge over the competition? You might be surprised...
Often underappreciated, the copier plays an important role in most businesses, but they can be costly. To help you assess which approach is the best...
What is a PDF/A, and Why Should You Care?
Spotting Burnout in Your IT Team
Our Solutions
September 20, 2021
Consider this: The cost of cybercrime is expected to grow by 15 percent per year over the next five years, reaching $10.5 trillion by 2025,...
Architectural drawings, blueprints, and municipal maps are just a few examples of large-format documents. If you deal with paper large format documents, you are well...
Lowering your Carbon Footprint with Managed Print Services
Budget
With a majority of office workers working remotely, are you starting to rethink your reliance on paper? Maybe the silver lining for you in this...
The 8 Most Common Types of Phishing Attacks
How to Recall an Email in Microsoft Outlook
January 28, 2022
Bucks County DA's Office: Document Success Story
June 24, 2020
You may have noticed that your email inbox has been flooded during this time of social distancing. It’s likely every brand you are associated with...
Was your business ready for the COVID-19 pandemic? No one was expecting a disaster of this magnitude and it forced swift, drastic changes in day-to-day...
For decades, businesses have been keeping paper records. Think of the file cabinets filled with paper documents at your doctor’s or dental office.
Parks & Recreation
							Integrated marketing strategies that leverage branding, digital marketing & technology with creativity to achieve your objectives.  
May 11, 2020
							Office Solutions 
4.5 Million Physical Court Documents Converted to Searchable Digital Images
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday:
Relying on Microsoft 365 alone? It may be time to consider a backup.
January 27, 2022
Hurricane Preparedness – Know Your Risk: Water & Wind
When you think of your office printer or copier, the last thing on your mind is likely to involve hacking or security breaches.
September 15, 2021
When you’re shopping for an expensive addition to your office, you want to make sure you find the right solution for your specific needs. Multi-function...
6 Social Marketing Tactics to Consider
Hosting a Community Shredding Event: 3 Reasons Why
January 3, 2020
You’ve written your document. You’ve proofread everything. And now, it’s time to hit print. But wait, you’re getting error messages that refuse to allow the...
Township office will be closed Tuesday, May 16th for the Municipal Primary Election. The office will reopen Wednesday, May 17th at 9:00 a.m.
 Notices 
A Better Way to Work
Connecting with Your Customers During a Crisis
September 8, 2019
5 Benefits of Secure Document Destruction for Your Business
Fire Company
Meetings & Agendas
 I have been a customer with HIG for nearly 10 years. In a crisis they show a “can-fix” attitude and I sleep well at night trusting HIG with all my IT, web, copying, printing, and shredding needs. They have never let me down.
6 Benefits of Working With an IT Service Provider
Board of Auditors
Hard drives in PCs, laptops, and other electronic devices house all types of data—customer records, credit card information, confidential emails to name a few. When...
October 11, 2022
Stay Focused, Flexible & Secure
June 8, 2022
Managing paper documents consumes an inordinate amount of time. You might be surprised to know that relying on paper-based document management plays a significant role...
Higher Information Group is thrilled to announce our Blue partner status with Datto. Learn more.
May 25, 2020
Stacy U., Amphenol FCI USA, LLC 
March 23, 2023
Right-to-Know Law
Are you taking full advantage of Microsoft 365?
Subject Matter Experts
March 1, 2018
Copiers and Printers
							Your data & resources are in good hands with our scanning, conversion & shredding experts. Learn how we can help transform how you manage your information! 
Top 3 Benefits of Offsite Document Storage
July 28, 2021
The Pros and Cons of Buying or Leasing a Copier
December 7, 2021
September 19, 2019
Complaints
Email Address(Required)
March 22, 2022
Is Website Accessibility Relevant for Your Business? Here is What the DOJ Says
View Technology Solutions
March 27, 2023
Proper destruction and secure shredding of documents is important, especially if your business must comply with privacy laws.
The word is out: integrative customer experiences are IN. Maybe it’s because we – as marketers – have become better at thinking about how things...
Board of Supervisors
Search Engine Optimization
Welcome to
April 16, 2021
January 17, 2020
Minutes
February 28, 2022
Advantages of Using Managed Print Services (MPS) for Your Business
View More
March 30, 2023
Find out if you’re eligible and put that money to work for you! If you work with a nonprofit, you know that increasing your organization’s...
Call Us 800.564.7002
For more than 35 years, The Central PA Food Bank has reduced hunger by distributing food and donations to 27 counties across Pennsylvania.
Three Ways to Improve Your Records Management in 2020
March 21, 2022
Mike G., West Hanover Township 
Don’t Miss Out on American Rescue Plan Funding
Subscribe for news & updates from TEAM HIG that can help you take your business to the next level.
November 24, 2021
Michael Cherewka, Cherewka Law 
Best Printers for Small Businesses
Delivering Expertise
Are your data files recoverable in the event of a failure?
Ready to work with a shredding service provider? Read this first!
June 8, 2021
There will be no Board of Supervisors Workshop meeting tomorrow, May 16th.
The Public Housing Program provides subsidized housing to qualified low-income families, senior citizens, and persons with disabilities. Since 1959, the Housing Authority of the County...
Patriot Federal Credit Union: Document Success Story
May 25, 2019
Printing Security: Are Your Documents Secure After Printing?
Tax Collector
Harrisburg, PA: Higher Information Group, LLC (HIG) is excited to announce the acquisition of Four-Star Business Systems, Inc.
July 29, 2021
Think your current storage facility protects your documents? If the right fire-proofing system is not in place, it might not meet your needs.
How Does a Cloud-Based Phone System Work?
Local townships provide municipal services like water, sewer, police, and fire protection, permits, local planning and zoning, and much more. Oversight in many different areas...
About Us
Technology Solutions
The Benefits of Cloud Collaboration
Drought Watch Remains for Dauphin County
Hikvision is an innovative leader in video surveillance security systems, bringing school districts across the country a multi-step security upgrade to protect students, staff, and...
Is Your Nonprofit Leaving $10K in Google Ad Grant Money on the Table?
How Document Scanning Can Decrease Employee Stress
Building a great website is often key to expanding your reach, whether you are running a small local business or creating an eCommerce platform to...
Attending or hosting a shredding event? Consider these often-overlooked, shreddable documents!
Website accessibility means ensuring that individuals with disabilities are able to access your website content. With many things that are a part of our everyday...
PO Box 277                                        10 Elizabeth Avenue
Business Technology Solutions Serving PA & NY | Higher Info Group 
Email: MiddlePaxtonTwp@comcast.net
March 23, 2021
Managing Large Format Documents
Tips for Increasing Deliverability on Your Email Campaigns
Legal
Are Your Medical Record Shredding Practices HIPAA Compliant?
Rohrer Bus - Success Story
Cloud Solutions
You may already be familiar with the practical reasons many businesses decide to outsource their IT function. Outsourcing makes better financial sense in a lot...
April 15, 2019
Schedule a Shred
Metzger Wickersham needed disaster recovery services from the wrath of Tropical Storm Lee in September of 2011.
The college was looking to control copy costs through another printing services vendor, however, the college was struggling to reach its cost-cutting goals.
December 13, 2021
February 19, 2020
The largest risk to your data security might be from the last source you expect.
Don’t Be a Victim of Electronic Signature Request Phishing Scams
The world is moving to the cloud. But, sometimes, storing hard copies is important. Here's what you should know:
Greystone Public House Uses Video Surveillance to Create a Safe and Comfortable Environment for Employees and Guests.
Due to an increase in spam emails / messages being sent, Township staff may misconstrue your legitimate email / message as spam and not open it. If you have sent an email / message and several days have passed without a reply, please call the Township office to confirm receipt. Thank you.
In-Person10 Elizabeth Avenue
April 13, 2020
June 16, 2022
December 27, 2019
August 15, 2019
5 Benefits of Migrating to the Cloud
July 28, 2021 – HARRISBURG, PA – Higher Information Group (HIG) recently announced it has completed its acquisition of Twin Tier Imaging Systems (TTIS), a...
Technology is great! We all need it. And companies that offer business & technology solutions are plentiful. What differentiates us? Our people. Anyone can deliver quality products or services, but without expertise, years of experience and customer commitment, is it really a value?
June 3, 2020
Relying on Office 365? You Don't Have a Backup
How Lancaster County Saved $44K a Year
Home
PCLC | Marketing Solutions - Outsourced Marketing Success Story
October 5, 2020
Government
February 3, 2021
Place Service Call
Everything You Need to Know About Digital Document Conversion
Many businesses of all sizes need to store hundreds, if not thousands of records and data. It is no surprise that business operations relying heavily...
                                                                 Get Directions
November 16, 2022
That messy cable room may be putting your company at serious risk. Here's why:
Read More
Incorporated in 1847, Oxford Township is a full-time municipality in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Located in a rural farming community, they have established numerous developments throughout...
Keeping Your Business Equipment Germ-Free
Toshiba Selects Higher Information Group as 2023 ProMasters Elite Certified Dealer
October 19, 2020
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
An estimated 56% of all small businesses state that social media is a top priority, whether they promote products locally or on a larger scale....
March 31, 2022
Six Reasons Your Company Should Be Using Content Marketing
EMPOWER YOUR TEAMS 
February 22, 2023
Middle Paxton Township A Great Place To Live, Grow & Work
CDSD turned to Higher Information Group (HIG) for a solution that allowed the staff the freedom to move between networks and provide them with real-time...
It seems like every day, we’re reading about another security breach or cyberthreat. While attacks on large corporations may get the headlines, the number of...
March 20, 2023
October 17, 2022
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Toshiba America Business Solutions recently selected Higher Information Group (HIG) as a Toshiba ProMasters Elite Certified Dealer for 2023.
Whether you’re trying to reach a specific audience, or just trying to compete with others in your industry as far as getting attention online is...
February 9, 2023
West Hanover Township Office: Document Success Story
Drayer Physical Therapy was looking to revamp their document storage and postage meter workflow system with up-to-date software.
Dauphin-Middle Paxton Community Park Master Plan
3 Steps Toward Becoming More Proactive with IT Management
Canon recently announced its new V series digital presses. Learn more about the imagePRESS V1000 and V900 series for print production in this blog post.
Lean Marketing: How a Team Approach Could Supplement Your Internal Efforts
Route 22/322 Clark’s Ferry Improvement Project
June 8, 2019
October 24, 2019
Your business security is important, and there are a few ways to make your buildings and facilities secure. Video surveillance and security systems are wonderful...
February 2, 2021
Is it time to upgrade your company's mailing equipment? Is your business able to remain competitive if you don't? Read on to learn more...
Dauphin Post Office
Higher Information Group can help you find the perfect solutions for any of your business needs. Contact us today to learn how!
Choosing the Best IT Infrastructure for Your Business
Intuitive & versatile office equipment explicitly customized to optimize your work environment.
Oxford Township - Adams County: Document Success Story
Is social marketing right for you? Where should you start?
Office Locations
The ever-accelerating rate of change in the IT world can put your company at a disadvantage if you can’t keep up.
Zoning Hearing Board
Proactive IT management is more than performing an assessment and removing baseline vulnerabilities.
Recycle Right
West Side Career and Technology Center is a full-time Career and Technology Center located in Luzerne County. A complete academic curriculum complements fully accredited career...
Place Service CallOrder SuppliesCopier Move RequestSubmit Helpdesk TicketSchedule a PickupSchedule a Shred
The most beautifully written and compelling email campaign in the world will perform miserably if it doesn’t land in your prospect’s inbox. And therein lies...
June 10, 2020
April 26, 2022
You already know just how important it is to grow your email list. After all, having a solid audience is one of the most essential...
April 6, 2023
May 14, 2021
Scanning Solutions
September 15, 2019
What's lean marketing all about, anyway?
April 18, 2023
We love helping our customers! So how can we help your business thrive?
July 22, 2019
 I’m passionate about helping my clients plan for their future. I recognized the importance of digital marketing but creating and executing a campaign was outside of my expertise. Higher Information Group stepped in ready to hit the ground running. I’m beyond pleased with the results and look forward to working with them well into the future.
April 4, 2022
Is Hard Drive Destruction Something You Need to Worry About?
Metso Minerals: Document Success Story
							Learn More 
October 20, 2019
AI and Document Storage: Uncharted Territory that Could be Your Next Frontier…
Ever considered hosting a community shredding event? Now's a great time to put a plan in place!
Employee Cybersecurity in a Remote Work Environment
5 Benefits of Document Digitization
You probably know all about the consequences of poor document management. Bad document management can be debilitating for an organization. It can lead to inefficiency,...
Document Conversion/Document Scanning to Support Remote Work and As a Disaster Recovery Solution an Eligible Project for Funding
With the proper funding now available to the Bucks County District Attorney’s office, Weintraub’s team was faced with the task of finding a more efficient and accessible storage solution for decades worth of hardcopy court documents. After receiving the Proof-of-Concept files, the client could accurately gauge the level of service that Higher Information Group’s team would deliver.
Success Stories
Best Practices for Your Professional LinkedIn Profile
Contact Us
March 4, 2020
Cloud collaboration tools have many benefits, including saving time, saving money, increased employee participation, organized systems, more accessible files, and new software opportunities.
March 25, 2020
A Great Place to
How Website Design & SEO Work Together
Emergency Management
So, you’ve decided to hire an IT service provider! Just like any service provider, you want to make sure that you want to find the...
January 19, 2022
March 9, 2020
One of the most recognizable brands is Apple. It’s no surprise that Apple is ranked the best global brand, according to Interbrand.
Edmacy Home Health Care is a homecare agency that serves clients in Delaware, Chester, Montgomery, Philadelphia, & Bucks Counties.
7 Must-Have Website Functions and Features
Identity theft and business privacy breach are not limited to online risks. Any documents that contain sensitive information are at risk of being stolen by...
Search Engine Optimzation
Higher Information Group (HIG) recently announced it has completed its acquisition of Office Equipment Source (OES), a family-owned technology company based in Elmira, New York...
July 18, 2022
Drayer Physical Therapy - Success Story
September 14, 2022
Newsletters
Seven Notable Cyberattacks from 2021
January 25, 2022
Agendas
Messiah College: Office Success Story
December 22, 2021
In this digital age, technology has allowed individuals and businesses to gather, process, and utilize more information than ever before.
Once an employee leaves your company, whether it’s a voluntary or involuntary employee termination, you need to take precautions to protect your business.
November 1, 2022
Assuming your most essential data is secure can be a major mistake. Do you have room to improve?
 
August 24, 2019
August 12, 2019
Pennsylvania Municipal League (PML) | Technology Solutions - Office 365 Email Migration Success Story
December 29, 2020
Housing Authority of Dauphin County: Technology Success Story
Central Dauphin School District - Success Story
May 4, 2023
Who We Are
What You Need to Know About Content Pillars
 Our new phones were installed yesterday. I want to put in a word for the technicians that were here. They were exceptional and had us very well-versed in the use of the new system before they left. Very professional and very much appreciated!
Zoning and Codes Enforcement
9 Must-Have Website Features in 2022
February 16, 2023
The cost of doing business continues to grow as time marches on. With the cost of goods rising, many companies are looking to save money...
January 31, 2022
File storage. Email. Customer Relationship Management. These are three common business functions you might already be handling using cloud-based solutions. If you’re feeling like it...
The Pennsylvania State Nurses Association (PSNA) sought to increase efficiency with a platform that would easily handle their member growth rate.
Friday: Closed
IBA Insurance: Technology Success Story
March 24, 2023
June 25, 2018
Is it Time to Challenge Your Existing IT Structure?
Cleaning out feels great, doesn’t it? It’s liberating! Plus, keeping paper files organized and secure is kind of dull. But before you go crazy tossing...
EmailMiddlePaxtonTwp@comcast.net
March 29, 2021
Document Storage Services
Employment Opportunities
Resources
Are Your Important Documents Natural Disaster-Proof?
Privacy Policy         Terms & Conditions
Secure Document Shredding Helps Minimize the Risk of Data Breach
Privacy Laws and Document Destruction
Using in-house printing operations is a way to manage all the printing necessary to run a business, both internally and externally. As businesses readjust to...
Artificial intelligence (AI) has come a long way since the HAL 9000 computer from  the 1968 movie 2001—A Space Odyssey, said, “I’m sorry, Dave,...
Why Your Small Business Should Have a Security System
How Lancaster County saved $44,000 a year by switching to a single vendor.
HARRISBURG, PA, March 4, 2022 — Toshiba America Business Solutions recently selected Higher Information Group (HIG) as a 2022 ProMasters Elite Certified Dealer.
Nonprofit / Associations
Using Microsoft 365 for business is the way of the world today! There are countless great reasons for this, and you may not know all...
Don’t Settle for Mediocre Marketing
Higher Information Group Achieves Blue Partner Status with Datto
K & W Engineers - Success Story
Cybersecurity Strategies for Your Business in 2023
5 Benefits of Secure Document Storage
5 Notable Cyberattacks from 2020
Located in Harrisburg, PA, the Pennsylvania Municipal League is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization established in 1900 as an advocate for Pennsylvania’s 3rd class cities.
Δ
February 10, 2020
August 15, 2022
G. Bakare, Bakare Associates OB/GYN 
Digital Ads: 10 Metrics to Follow Closely
Website Design
Where Do You Want to Work Today?
Pennsylvania State Police Bulletin
While you might’ve had a basic crisis communications plan in place, chances are it didn’t come close to addressing all of the needs, questions and...
November 28, 2022
Document Solutions
March 4, 2022
Marketing Solutions
7 Benefits of Access Control Systems
Expanding Our Market to Wilkes-Barre, Hazelton, and Scranton
May 3, 2019
September 20, 2021  - Higher Information Group, headquartered in Harrisburg, PA, announced today that they were honored with two awards, including Best Marketing Design...
What Kind of Security System Does My Business Need?
March 25, 2021
Before creating a new website or redesigning an existing one, learn 7 features and functions that should be included.
Ready to promote your business using paid ads? Where should you start? What's the difference between major platforms?
February 12, 2019
 I LOVE this copier! HIG is amazing! Anything goes wrong with the copier I just make a phone call and it’s taken care of. You guys are amazing!
April 30, 2021
No matter the type or size, all businesses share the challenge of managing the documents and data storage devices that contain pertinent records.
June 21, 2019
View Marketing Solutions
We have solutions.
July 26, 2022
Let’s say your best customer wants to do another job very similar to the one you did in 2007. They’ve asked your company to provide...
Direct mailing and branded print collateral are still important in today’s “paperless” world. Though most believe that printing is a thing of the past, replaced...
Boring Marketing Materials? 4 Easy Tips to Make Them Stand Out
October 30, 2019
Metso is a world-leading industrial company with headquarters in Finland. They provide equipment and services for the sustainable processing and flow of natural resources in...
​
Phone: (717) 921-8128
Live, Grow & Work
Cabling infrastructure might not be a sexy topic, but it’s an important one. Network cables connect and transfer data and other information between computers, routers,...
Does Your Email Solution Leave You Feeling Vulnerable?
Artificial Intelligence is Changing the Digital Marketing Landscape: Are You Prepared?
Hiring Outside Sales Representatives (B2B)
There are no events at this time.
 With a project this extensive, you might expect hiccups, but there weren’t any. HIG was organized and the process went smoothly. The Chain of Custody Agreement also provides comfort. You know your documents are secure.
See All Notices
9:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
For Immediate Release: Dauphin County Office of Emergency Management to host Emergency Operations Center Exercise
March 18, 2022
Carrie M., Wilkes University 
Higher Information Group Marketing Team Wins Three Peak Achievement Awards
The 7 Benefits of Marketing Automation
You likely already know the importance of optimizing your website for search engines, such as Google and Bing. However, that isn’t where the process stops....
 I want to commend the team at HIG. Removing and installing 10 copiers can be a challenge but it all went very well! The customer service and communication has been outstanding! I work with two other fleet vendors and HIG has been a breath of fresh air!
History
For the past 20 years, Cherewka Law has been helping clients protect what is most important to them. Through targeted estate planning, real estate services,...
June 17, 2020
Installing Surveillance Cameras for Your Business? Make Sure They're Properly Positioned
©2016 Designed by Higher Information Group
Menu
View Office Solutions
January 21, 2022
Solutions
If you excel at developing relationships, are goal oriented and thrive in a fast-paced environment, we would love to have your support building our teams...
It wasn’t all that long ago that if you had an IT department, its main function was to keep your PCs and network running smoothly....
Dauphin, PA 17018
February 7, 2022
							Document Solutions 
10 Cybersecurity Practices to Protect Your Business
March 12, 2021
April 14, 2023
March 30, 2020
How Managed Services Can Eliminate “IT Pain”
Ready to improve your current IT procedures? Now might be a great time.
IMPACTFUL MARKETING 
Email remains the most used form of business communication. It’s easy, fast, and convenient. You probably don’t think too much about it since it is...
The American Rescue Plan will provide Pennsylvania state and local governments alone a $13,722,000,000 opportunity to replace lost revenue and make strategic investments in technology...
January 8, 2021
Phone Systems + Cabling Solutions
You’re laser-focused on building your business, always on the search for new customers and better ways to serve your existing clientele. That’s how it should...
U.S. Department of the Treasury Releases Final Rule for the American Rescue Plan Act State and Local Fiscal Recovery Funds
Content Development
November 29, 2019
Keep These Six Things in Mind When Researching Multifunction Printers (MFPs)
United States of America
How Document Conversion is Helping Companies Boost Customer Service
Contact Us | Middle Paxton Township
Name* Phone Number* Email Address*
Asking for Google Reviews: The Basics
How much time do your employees spend on printing-related tasks or issues? Have you ever considered that your processes and workflow could be improved if...
Eight Reasons Why Managed IT Services Make Sense
October 8, 2019
​Do you need help managing your company’s printing needs? Need software that will minimize waste while providing you with a secure and easy printing experience?...
Rohrer Bus was looking to revamp their IT department with up-to-date software and hardware that would keep their data safe, protected and provide them with...
Middle Paxton Township
Meet Sally. Sally is a golfer looking for a skirt for an upcoming safari-themed tournament. She thinks a zebra or leopard print skirt would fit...
Fireproofing Your Storage Facility: Why it Matters
Looking for Support?
How to Keep a Casino Secure
							 
Edmacy Home Health Care: Technology Success Story
Why Your Business Needs SEO
January 26, 2022
Messiah College, a nationally-recognized liberal and applied arts college with approximately 3,400 students founded in 1909, approached Higher Information Group in 2009 with a set...
5 Questions to Consider When Selecting a Document Storage Service
Tina, William Penn Renovations 
Is your current method of sending mail putting your business at risk or running up expenses?
Suggested Homeowner’s Maintenance Checklist: Yearly & Seasonally
Is Your Data Protected While Working Remotely?
How to Find the Best Keywords for Your Product or Service
Experts now estimate that consumers see upwards of 5,000 advertising messages PER DAY. That means your customers and potential customers are exposed to a lot...
February 27, 2018
Is Your Business Website Compliant Under ADA Regulations?
View Full Success Story
PDF/A format is used for the long-term storage of documents. Some states and industries have policies requiring PDF/A for file preservation.
Hardware Procurement + Management
May 29, 2020
Is Your Business Equipment Draining Your Budget?
Four Ways Managed Print Services Can Save You Money
March 13, 2018
There have never been more options relating to document storage. Is the cloud right for your needs?
Smishing, Vishing and Phishing: What You Need to Know
October 3, 2019
November 19, 2019
Could managed print services help your organization lower your carbon footprint?
November 4, 2019
Canon Introduces imagePRESS V1000 and V900 Series for Print Production
In a world turned upside down by the COVID-19 crisis, no aspect of life as we once knew it is the same. Homes have become...
Higher Information Group Recognized as 2021 Toshiba ProMasters Elite Certified Dealer
In the ever-changing and expanding internet world, content still reigns as king. The phrase 'Content is King' is no exaggeration, especially when building brands and...
March 13, 2020
Community Life Team Ambulance Service
K & W's goal to revamp their IT department with up-to-date software and hardware that would keep their data safe began with a call to...
Community
Email security is paramount, especially with remote work and personal internet services. Keep your employees up to speed on online security best practices.
Is your organization drowning in files? Very much like financial assets and other business resources, your company’s information is an asset. But what happens if...
PSNA - Success Story
There are plenty of reasons why you should consider Managed IT solutions for your business.  When you work with a Managed Service Provider (MSP),...
August 4, 2019
Relying on in-house document shredding? It might not be in your best interest...
PA Department of Environmental Protection – Fight the Bite From Mosquitoes
With more and more employees working remotely, it’s crucial to have a place where they can chat, share documents and collaborate on projects seamlessly. Enter...
Why Document Shredding Might Be Your Best Investment This Year
Copier Move Request
Managed Print Services means that your print practices will be monitored and tailored according to your company’s needs. Best of all, MPS cuts down on...
May 16, 2022
Businesses of all types can benefit from installing surveillance cameras. The mere presence of cameras can help deter crime, providing a safer environment for your...
OUR BLOG
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996 was passed to help safeguard the security and confidentiality of protected health information. As required...
							Our proactive IT experts are ready to optimize & manage your technology for peak efficiency and peace of mind. Learn how we can help! 
November 17, 2021
Closed
 Special thanks to the HIG security camera installation team! Their teamwork, professionalism, attention to detail and support were above and beyond! Bravo!
December 28, 2022
February 5, 2020
Are You Under the Illusion of Security?
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Friday:
 Middle Paxton Messenger 
Is Your IT Budget Shrinking?
March 16, 2022
Building a successful business and brand requires more than delivering a top-tier product or a service that is in-demand.
March 11, 2022
July 7, 2019
Facebook Ads vs. Search Ads: What's Right for You?

June 28, 2022
Toshiba Selects Higher Information Group as a 2022 ProMasters Elite Dealer
What To Look For In An IT Service Provider
With more employees working remotely or at least part of the time, it’s more important than ever to have a reliable phone system that’s completely...
Production Equipment
Dauphin Area Senior Transit (D.A.S.T.)
July 3, 2019
Contact
Windows 7 End of Life
June 27, 2018
Reduce Waste and Save Money with Double-Sided Printing
You have goals.
MailP.O. Box 277
Your Website Needs Video Content - Here's Why
You know the reasons why you should digitize your documents-reduce clutter to free up storage space, better security, and easier retrieval, for starters.
August 26, 2021
Financial
Don’t let outdated processes & inefficiency hold you back. Transform how you manage your information!
Fax: (717) 474-8146
September 27, 2022
Organizing, managing, and maintaining documents and official contracts can quickly become tedious and time-consuming for anyone running a business.
Did COVID-19 Expose a Document Management Weakness in Your Organization?
June 23, 2021
Yes, Document Management Really CAN Boost Your Business Growth
Email Security Tips for Your Business
January 24, 2022
Microsoft Office 365 is a popular cloud-based subscription service that’s popular for business use.
More and more companies are using cloud-based phone systems to grow and run their business.
We review a few of 2020's most notable cyberattacks and cover some important tips to help you shore up your IT defenses and ensure your...
Shred Services
Messy Cable Room? 3 Risks You Haven't Considered
Trash and Recycling
Wi-Fi connection struggles while working remotely? Try these tips to help resolve common issues!
March 17, 2021
January 19, 2023
If you have an “Oh, nooo!” moment after emailing in Microsoft Outlook, never fear help is here.
May 18, 2021
Plans are underway for the 2022 HIGTOBERFEST Client Appreciation event to be held at the Blue Ridge Sportsman Club, located at 1176 North Fairville Avenue...
Voting Precincts
December 1, 2020
WORRY-FREE IT 
Is your antivirus software enough? Could your organization be at risk?
Brand Development
Address, Contact Information & Office Hours Mailing                                                Office
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday: 9:00 A.M. – 4:00 P.M.
Higher Information Group Acquires New York Based Office Equipment Source
7 Questions to Ask a Document Shredding Service Before Committing
September 4, 2019
Applications
Choosing the Right Business Printer
Set higher expectations for your brand with impactful,results-driven strategies.
While many companies are transitioning to the Cloud and leaving the paper trail behind, printing is still an integral component of running any business.
February 14, 2020
Doc Storage Login
HIG Plans 7th HIGTOBERFEST Client Appreciation Event in Support of Local 4H Club
4 Reasons to Invest in Commercial Security
July 25, 2019
Public Works & Safety
February 1, 2022
March 15, 2018
May 6, 2020
DEP 2023 Black Fly Suppression Program
What You Need to Know Before Transitioning from a Legacy Phone System to VoIP
Printing Hacks That Cut Costs and Reduce Waste
June 9, 2021
When it comes to running a business, one of your main concerns as an owner should be the safety and security of your company. Solutions...
Greystone Public House: Technology Success Story
There are many benefits to a security system for your business. Creating a secure environment to protect your assets as well as your employees provides...
Ready to Purge Paper Files in 2021? Know the Legalities that Affect Your Industry
Announcements: The Work Maintenance Schedule for the week of May 15th can be viewed here.
HIG is taking safety seriously while providing copier and printer service during the COVID-19 crisis. If your business is seeking onsite services, we are asking...
TOO MUCH PAPER? 
Customers often pick one business over another based on the reviews they read. Happy customers write good reviews, and good reviews increase the chance of...
The Hidden Costs of Shredding Documents Onsite
March 16, 2023
Leverage Managed Print Services to Drive Efficiency
COVID-19 Action
Providing Reliable Printing Services to Dickinson College
November 8, 2021
Justin McShane, Esq., The McShane Firm 
Why You Should Never Buy an Email Marketing List
Schedule a Pickup
In 2004, Merakey (Formerly NHS Human Services), approached Higher Information Group, and an exciting partnership began.
November 22, 2022
West Side Career and Technology Center Success Story
The FBI receives more than 240,000 complaints about phishing scams every year and estimates that consumers lose more than $54 million a year due to...
Remote Work is the New Normal (And it Requires More Than Just a Laptop)
November 14, 2019
May 20, 2020
This year, digital marketing has changed like never before. Are you keeping up?
October 18, 2022
November 2, 2020
Zoning & Ordinances
Does Your Business Need to Invest in a Wide Format Printer?
Support
Capturing the attention of an online audience is not always easy, especially with the seemingly infinite daily bombardment of advertisements, promotions, and sponsored products right...
As someone responsible for the company website, there’s probably a good chance you already pay close attention to various user experience aspects of your site.
To Shred or Not To Shred?
When stay-at-home measures were put into place to curb the spread of COVID-19, companies who had the ability to do so quickly set up their...
Security is critical for businesses of all sizes. Whether you store confidential client information, have inventory, equipment or employees to protect, safeguarding your business’s assets...
Video Production
Satisfied Clients
The Perry County Literacy Council (PCLC) provides adult education & workforce programs for Perry County residents, enabling them to build better futures for themselves and...
Bucks County DA’s Office
Technology continues to become a more crucial part of doing business and running a company in today’s world. With more work being done remotely than...
A data breach can be disastrous for your business. You don’t have to be a large sophisticated organization to be impacted by leaked proprietary or...
June 15, 2019
February 2, 2023
February 14, 2022
February 9, 2022
November 8, 2022
October 26, 2020
Wednesday:
Why Your Company Should Be Using Google My Business
If you own a small business with a physical location, there’s a good chance that you’ve at least looked into adding cameras.
Save Big on Print Costs
  
January 16, 2023
Choosing the best business printer for your needs is essential to saving time and money and boosting efficiency. Start with these tips.
Why Organic Social Media is Important for Your Business
Cherewka Law: Marketing Success Story
							Technology Solutions 
2023 Draft Budget is Posted
Electronic Document Storage: Is the Cloud Enough?
Most business owners are shocked when they realize how much they spend on printing each year. Not only is it a lot of ink and...
Omnichannel Marketing: What is it? Is it Right for Your Business?
March 28, 2022
November 14, 2022
The McShane Firm: Technology Success Story
6 Signs It May Be Time to Outsource IT Services
February 3, 2022
October 2, 2019
July 27, 2019
Natural disaster-proof document storage is absolutely essential. Are your most important documents safe?
Submit Helpdesk Ticket
Search Engine Marketing
9 Reasons Why You Need a Professional Document Storage Company
If you’re looking to grow your professional network, leveraging your LinkedIn professional profile is a great channel to make connections, generate leads, position yourself as...
Read any article about businesses and time management and you’ll see statistics galore that show a lot of time is wasted managing paper documents.
HIG Blog
With security being a top priority, Hollywood Casino turns to Higher Information Group to for unparalleled weekly, secured, shredding solutions.
Benefits of VoIP Phone Systems
Home | Middle Paxton Township, Dauphin County, PA
October 15, 2019
NHS - Success Story
HIG conducted a full site survey, including several in-depth meetings with N.H.S. Human Services' department heads to bring all the organization's needs into focus.
Roads and Highway Department
New Resident Packet
