Leaves & Mulch | Nether Providence Township
View all
230
Planning Commission
Extension
The following is a list of frequently asked questions regarding recycling in Nether Providence township.
They may choose to register to vote using either their School Residence or their Home Residence.
Contacts
A. Yes.
Styrofoam
Any registered elector who has a disability, or who is 65 years of age or older irrespective of disability, and who has been assigned to vote at a polling place that has been officially designated as “inaccessible” by the county board of elections, has the right to vote through an Alternative Ballot.
Q.  Who is eligible for the township’s sewer rent rebate program?
Kris Laubscher
PAHAF relief for mortgages, property taxes, and utilities is available.
Leiper Park
www.revenue.pa.gov/PTRR
Retrievr- Electronic & Unwanted Clothing Recycling 
Each Commercial, Institutional and Municipal establishment within Nether Providence Township MUST provide for its own collection and transportation services of the items mandated for recycling.
Mar 3, 2023 10:06am
For more information on the Election please visit https://delcopa.gov/vote/where.html
 Residents
A.  Portnoff Associates handles delinquent taxes for the Township. They can be reached  (866) 211-9466. Please do not call the township, as it has no information regarding past due taxes from prior years.
Logs, stumps, and branches larger than the parameters above WILL NOT be collected. You’ll have to arrange for a tree company or your trash hauler to take those items.
CRC 25th Annual Streams Cleanup Saturday, March 25th
Upcoming Hazardous Waste Events
Fire Marshal and Fire Department Information
Owners of property in Nether Providence Township receive three real estate tax bills each year.  Delaware County and Nether Providence Township tax bills are mailed in early February.  The Wallingford Swarthmore School District real estate tax bills are mailed in early July.
2020 DCED Financial Report
View Leaf Collection Information
Q. Does the township collect Christmas trees?
The approved 2023 budget can be found here: 2023 Budget. The 2023 Real Estate millage for Nether Providence Township is 3.3562.
Caution
A.  Senior citizens whose household income is $18,000 or less can apply for a sewer rent rebate.  Application forms are available at the Township Building at 214 Sykes Lane. Applications must be received by June 30 of the tax year in which the sewer rent was paid.
229
Region 2 – Wards 1, 5, 6-2, 7-2 and Rose Valley
Region 1 – Nether Providence Wards 2, 3, 4, 6-1 and 7-1
Ward 2
May 5, 2023 1:32pm
County Real Estate Tax Office
412 Moore Road
Position
 
$105.00/full truck load
Nether Providence Township and its financial auditor prepare the financial reports below for the Department of Community and Economic Development. All financial statements are prepared using the modified accrual accounting basis. Nether Providence Township follows a calendar year fiscal year.
Christmas Tree Pick Up
Tax Information | Nether Providence Township
Budgets are prepared in the Fall for the upcoming year, and the public is welcomed and encouraged to participate in the budget process, which takes place on the advertised Thursday meetings with the Commissioners.
$65.00/half truck load
The township has a small contingent of fire police officers who assist in traffic control as well as other duties at the scene of an emergency.
A.  Tax payments should be mailed to Nether Providence Township, 214 Sykes Lane, Wallingford, PA 19086.
Open Burning
Financially Impacted by Covid-19 pandemic?
The following items SHOULD NOT be placed in your recycling container:
Half truck load about 2-3 yards
Township Event Calendar
Sustainable Committee
[email protected]
Media Shopping Center
https://lp.constantcontactpages.com/su/qfhgSii/newsletter
Q. Does the township provide mulch?
$90.00/half truck
Public Meetings are televised on channel 5 for Comcast customers & channel 37 for Verizon customers on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month at 7:30 PM.
Recent News & Events
All vaccine clinics can be found here:
Police Chief
Please see this attachment for information on how to create a fire escape plan for your home. Home Fire Escape Plan
To schedule a pick up, please contact the Township Municipal office at 610.566.4516 by the Monday prior to the scheduled Tuesday pick-up.
Applications Now Open
School Tax Office:
  Nether Providence Police  @NetherProvPD 
Open burning for a message regarding open burning.
A. Electronics cannot be recycled in the curbside recycling. However, the Township will occasionally work with surrounding towns to hold electronics recycling events. Check the news feed for info on upcoming events. Additionally, another resource is Retrievr (formerly “Curb My Clutter”). The link can be found here: Retrievr
Zoning Hearing Board Agenda 2022
The rebate program benefits eligible Pennsylvanians age 65 and older; widows and widowers age 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 a year for homeowners and $15,000 annually for renters, and half of Social Security income is excluded. Spouses, personal representatives or estates may also file rebate claims on behalf of claimants who lived at least one day in the claim year and meet all other eligibility criteria.
How to build a Emergency Disaster kit
Pretrial Detainees (individuals who are confined in a penal institution awaiting trial on charges of a felony or a misdemeanor).
The Township provides a drop-off center at the Township Garage, 5 West Brookhaven Road. Drop-offs will be permitted from 8 AM to noon on the first Saturday of the month and Mondays and Tuesdays from 8 AM to noon each week.
Individuals who have been released (or will be released by the date of the next election) from a correctional facility or halfway house upon completion of their term of incarceration for conviction of a misdemeanor or a felony.
Township Manager
Trash Collection
214
Nether Providence Elementary School
Delaware County Information & Links
Jessica DelGrosso
5th Ward, Precinct 1
610-891-4878
2016 DCED Financial Report
2012 DCED Financial Report
READ MORE
Charles J. Catania
Summer camp registration forms are now available with registration starting April 3.
You can subscribe here:
Nether Providence Township
Applications are now being accepted for the Low-Income Household Water Assistance Program (LIHWAP).
MENU
Director of Customer Service
Ward/Precinct:
//CONNECT WITH US
610-892-3470
Student Voting: There are no special requirements for college students voting in Pennsylvania.
Multi-Municipal Comprehensive Plan
The Township offices are located at:214 Sykes LaneWallingford, PA 19086Phone: (610) 566-4516Fax: (610) 892-2890
212
Central Delaware County Authority
Tax Claim Bureau
4th Ward, Precinct 2
Search for:
Q.  Do my township taxes cover the costs of trash collection and residential water service?
Tax Information
Learn more about Delaware County’s first sustainability plan.
Welcome to the official website of Nether Providence Township. We are a close-knit community lying just 15 miles southwest of Philadelphia in Delaware County, Pennsylvania. Our nearly 14,500 residents live in a 4.6 square mile area and enjoy outstanding schools, attractive neighborhoods, convenient public transportation, inviting public parks and walking trails, and an array of nearby social, cultural and athletic activities.
Furness Park
Budget Information
2013 DCED Financial Report
Please keep your leaves at the curb but NOT in the street. Leaves in the street can cause safety issues as cars will swerve around piles into oncoming traffic, the leaves can create slippery conditions, and the leaves will wash into the storm drains and create blockages.
Smoke Alarm Tips
Gouley Park
A. No.
218
If you elect NOT to use the Township Recycling Facility you MUST submit to us at the end of the year documentation of the WEIGHT of the materials which your establishment has recycled.  I am enclosing a form to be completed with information as to who you contract with to haul away your recyclables.
Tuesday, May 16 is Election Day. Know your polling location and other information. | Nether Providence Township
This weekly newsletter provides Delaware County residents with updates and information covering a wide range of County news and events—everything from the latest Health Department announcements and election notifications to career opportunities, meeting announcements, County park activities and events, COVID-19 guidance, announcements of County grant programs, and more.
A. Township taxes are due by June 1st.  Taxpayers receive a discount if taxes are paid on or before April 1.  A penalty of 10% is assessed if payment is made after June 1.  Postmark is accepted as proof of payment.
Garden City Fire Company currently is led by Chief Pat O’Rourke, while Max Hopkins serves as Chief of South Media Fire Company. Roughly half of the township is covered by each company’s respective fire district.
Drop-offs will be permitted from 8 AM to noon on the first Saturday of the month and Mondays and Tuesdays from 8 AM to noon each week at the Township public works garage located at 5 W. Brookhaven Road, Wallingford.
Wallingford-Swarthmore School District Voting Regions
Illegal dumping will result in a $300 fine.
Any other item that is not expressly included as an Acceptable Material
Address:
Delaware County is getting a new County park!
Delaware County is seeking members of the public for an Advisory Committee as part of its process to update its Municipal Waste Management Plan.
Water Quality
610-892-2875 ext 201
Danger
Recycling Information | Nether Providence Township
I want to…
Tax collector hours for April and May
NOTICE TO MORTGAGE COMPANIES AND COMPANIES PROVIDING SETTLEMENT SERVICES!
Houston Park
ACT 44 Disclosure
 610-566-4516 (Township Building)
At other times of the year, the Township will pick up bagged leaves the second Tuesday of the month, upon request.  The Township will also pick up bundled small twigs and brush.  Must be bundled in 2′ sections.  You must call the township building to schedule a pick up.
Furness Park Project
217
Property Tax/Rent Rebate Program
2015 DCED Financial Report
$130.00/ full truck load
Recycling Task Force
Voting Locations
Full Truck load about 5-6 yards
Tax Collector
Mar 3, 2023 11:00am
The Township Board of Commissioners has created a recycling fee rebate program to offset the cost of the recycling program for our elderly lower income residents. The criteria used to qualify for the recycling fee rebate are the same as used in our existing sewer rent rebate option: residents 65 years of age or older with an annual income of less than $18,000. Please call or visit the Township office or visit the Township website to obtain a rebate request form.
Flammable
Please do not bag the leaves. They are sucked up by a leaf vacuum, so the bagging is not necessary.
Public Meetings
A. Residents can pick up free leaf mulch at the Township Recycling Center (5 W Brookhaven Rd); or for a modest fee, you can arrange for home delivery of a full or half truckload of leaf mulch. Contact the township office for information on mulch delivery.
Yard Waste
Meeting Agendas & Minutes
A. Yard waste (except grass clippings), leaves in biodegradable bags (no plastic) and bundled sticks will still be collected by the Township’s Public Works Department the second Tuesday of each month. You can request pickup of these items by contacting the Township office at (610) 566-4516. You must schedule an appointment for items to be picked up.
Beginning in fall 2022, the Township will implement a scheduled leaf collection. In the past, Public Works completed leaf collection on every street approximately once every two weeks. That afforded Township employees flexibility to deal with emergency needs, weather delays, and varying leaf volume. But that process left residents guessing when their leaves would be picked up. The new schedule builds in buffers to manage disrupting factors while allowing residents to better plan their leaf clean-up and curbside disposal. The 2022 leaf pickup schedule is below. Please check the website closer to the fall as the schedule could change. Please have leaves out by 7 AM on the Monday morning of your collection week. Collection will take place during that week. Don’t know your ward? Click here:
3rd Ward, Precinct 1
COVID 19 Information
Click here for information about fire safety for kids at sleepovers.
Aerosol containers or aluminum foil
Welcome to Nether Providence
A.  Rake leaves to the edge of your property for collection between early November and mid-December. Please keep the leaves out of the street (the police department has reported numerous hazardous conditions in regards to leaves blocking the roadway) to prevent leaves from clogging storm water sewers and from obstructing parking or traffic flow. It takes about two weeks to complete each circuit of collection along the Township’s streets at the height of leaf season.
Fire Marshal and Fire Department Information | Nether Providence Township
The Fire Marshal’s Office is the arm of the fire service charged with fire prevention as well as education, inspections and investigations. The office also is headquarters for the township’s  Emergency Management Agency.
Leaves
The Thomas Leiper House re-opens for tours
Tips for choosing and using smoke alarms
Please do not park vehicles in front of the leaf piles as the workers will be unable to collect them. They will not be able to return until the following week to collect them if something is blocking the pile.
Government
Poison
Frequently Asked Questions
Zoning Officer
DCED Financial Reports
Q.  When are my taxes due?
D.P.E. natural plastic containers with the symbol #2 – milk jugs and water jugs containers only (narrow neck containers)
Learn more
2023 Township Meeting Schedule
Jack Gresch
Don Guanella Committee Flyer 
  
How to Make a Fire Escape plan
Region 3 – Swarthmore and Rutledge
Cooking Safety
Food
A.  Checks should be made payable to Nether Providence Township.  Any bills unpaid as of December 31 are referred to Portnoff Associates for collection.
Leaf Collection:
Combustible
20 S Providence Road
REMINDER: Yard waste burning is NOT permitted in the Township. For more information about opening burning, click here: Open burning
The General Fund budget for 2023 was set at $8,214,981.53.
1st Ward, Precinct 1
Garden City and South Media also share revenue from Rose Valley Borough as both fire companies provide fire service to that community.
2nd Ward, Precinct 1
Hours: Open Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
An Alternative Ballot is a paper ballot for which a qualified voter must apply to the county board of elections at least seven days before Election Day.  If approved, a voter may complete his/her Alternative Ballot at any time before the close of the polls on Election Day.  However, the county board of elections must receive the completed Alternative Ballot no later than 8:00 PM on Election Day.  However, an application for an Emergency Alternative Ballot may be submitted until 8:00 PM on Election Day.
Zoning Hearing Board
Ward 3 & 4
Q.  Is the recycling program part of my regular Township tax bill?
Stormwater Management
Apr 4, 2023 11:05am
Clothing/textiles
Name:
At least eighteen (18) years of age on or before the day of the next primary, special, municipal, or general election.
SEE COMMISSIONER MEETING AGENDAS AND MINUTES
2017 DCED Financial Report
410 Moore Road
Your participation is vital to the continued success of our recycling program.  If you have NOT been recycling in the past, let me encourage you to participate and be part of the solution.
Bullens Lane Park
Real estate taxes are calculated by taking the assessed value of the property (determined by the Delaware County Board of Assessment) and multiplying it by the local millage rate, and then dividing by a thousand.  For 2023, the Township’s millage rate will be 3.3562 mills. The Township real estate bill also includes a $664.00 per unit sewer charge for a property connected to the public sewer system and a $99 per unit recycling fee.
484-480-9524
Non- resident-
1st Ward, Precinct 2
In compliance with the Pennsylvania Mandatory Recycling Law – Act 101, Nether Providence Township is required to annually inform Commercial, Municipal and Institutional groups within its boundaries of their obligation to provide for the recycling of ALL cardboard, ALL grades of paper, clear, brown & green glass, ALL grades of plastic, bi-metallic & aluminum cans generated within their establishments as well as the requirement to compost ANY leaf waste or yard waste generated.
Q.  When is the best time to reach the township’s tax collector?
Nether Providence Township Fire Companies 
PLEASE RINSE ALL CANS, BOTTLES, JARS, AND CONTAINERS TO BE RECYCLED AND REMOVE CAPS.
Nether Providence Township Summer Camp
Fire Marshal
Thursdays
Ferrous Cans – soup, coffee cans, etc.
Leaves & Mulch
Report a Police Tip or Complaint
Yard Waste Removal
Zoning Hearing Board Agenda 2023
Voting Information
Tax Office Phone Numbers:
Q. How do I recycle used motor oil, antifreeze or car batteries?
 
The Township’s 2023 real estate tax bill also includes a $664 per unit sewer charge for a property connected to the public sewer system and a $99.00 per unit recycling fee. Both are seeing slight increases that are passed onto the Township for the providers of the sewer system and recycler vendor.
A. Please see the link by clicking Latex Paint flyer.
200 South Providence Road
A. These products are harmful to the environment if they are discarded with your household trash or dumped in the street or storm drain.  These items are collected for recycling at many garages and auto repair sites.  For a list of facilities that recycle these products in Delaware County, visit:  www.co.delaware.pa.us/recycle/auto.html 
Accounts Payable/Administrative Assistant
Oil or antifreeze containers
For information on the Delaware County HHW drop-off program, contact the Delaware County Recycling office at 610-892-9716 or www.co.delaware.pa.us/recycle.
All glass food and beverage containers can be recycled.  The following types of glass cannot be recycled: Drinking Glasses, Mirrors, Ceramics, Crystal, Light Bulbs, Ovenware, Window Glass.
Nether Providence Township provides a weekly, co-mingled, curbside collection of a wide range of recyclable materials. B&L Disposal provides the recycling collection services to the Township, and the recycling is processed at Republic Services in King of Prussia.
No other yard waste, besides leaves, should be included in the piles. This will cause problems for the machines. The non-leaf yard waste is mulched at the Township’s leaf-site, whereas the yard waste is taken off-site. For that reason, yard waste and leaves cannot be co-mingled.
About Nether Providence
Litter Action PlanLast week, The Department of Transportation and the Department of Environmental Protection released the state’s first-ever Litter Action Plan. The plan includes current initiatives and recommendations for state and local governments, the General Assembly, businesses, and the public to clean up the more than 500 million pieces of litter scattered throughout the commonwealth.   The plan’s goal is to reduce the amount of litter in Pennsylvania by 30 percent within the next five years.
The items that CAN be placed in a container at your curb for recycling are:
Construction Code Appeals Board
A. Rinse out glass and metal containers to avoid attracting pests.  Labels can be left on.  Remove all can or bottle lids.
https://www.dhs.pa.gov/Services/Assistance/Pages/LIHWAP.aspx
Bird-Friendly Back Yards Informational Presentation Saturday, April 15th | Nether Providence Township
Application Deadline:June 30, 2023
Civil Service Commission
Township Profile
Township Resident –    
Q. Can all glass be recycled?
Jack Gresch is the current fire marshal.  He has a deputy who assist him in investigations and inspections and an assistant who works on grants and fire prevention.
Copyright 2023
A. Some trash is hazardous and needs special handling. Delaware County offers Household Hazardous Waste drop-off collection several times per year.
Q. How can I dispose of home healthcare waste?
The two main missions of fire service personnel in Nether Providence Township are Suppression and Prevention.
A.  No.  These services are billed directly to residents by their trash hauler and by their water company.
Individuals who are on probation or released on parole, including parolees who are living in a halfway house.
Attached is our Election Day Guide for the May 16, 2023 Primary and Special Elections.
Subscribe to the Township E-Newsletter
Road Resurfacing – Phase I
Tuesdays
Nether Providence Township is divided into seven wards, each with two precincts.  Voting locations have been established for each precinct, and these voting locations are listed below.  You can determine which ward you live in by clicking on the township map below.  To find our your precinct, please call the Delaware County Bureau of Elections at (610) 891-4659.
Local Taxes
Q. Why should I recycle?
A. Please call your trash hauler.
Administrative Assistant
Township Treasurer/Tax Collector:
Events & News
MESSAGES FROM THE FIRE MARSHAL
Historical Commission
Medicare Cost Sharing/Extra Help zoom presentation
All items must be placed at the edge of your property, curbside. The employees cannot come onto your property to pick up the items.
4th Ward, Precinct 1
Felony Voting: If otherwise qualified, the following individuals may register and vote:
To contact Township Police, please dial 911. For non-emergencies, 610-892-2875.
Operating under the Suppression mission are the township’s two all-volunteer fire companies – South Media Fire Co. No. 1 (founded in 1922) and Garden City Fire Co. No. 1 (founded in 1944). Nearly 100 men and women from all walks of life participate in these two active companies.  Together, the two fire companies are often referred to as the Nether Township Fire Department.
3rd Ward, Precinct 2
Glass food and beverage containers – Flint (clear), Amber (brown), Emerald (green)
Property Tax/Rent Rebate Program:1-888-222-9190
Voter Registration: Individuals applying to register to vote must be:
This is default text for notification bar
610-891-4277
Right to Know
Q. What is considered hazardous waste?
Ward 5 & 6
CONTACT US888-987-2423www.pahaf.org
Voter Registration Issues
Strath Haven Middle School
Latex gloves
Commercial Establishments – Recycling Information
Bird-Friendly Back Yards Informational Presentation Saturday, April 15th
6th Ward, Precinct 1
Coat hangers
Municipal-Waste-Plan-Public-Feedback-County-1Download
6th Ward, Precinct 2
Sewer backup? Call 610-566-4516 M-F 9AM-5PM or 911 if after hours. Call the Twp before a plumber. Info here: Info
More in this section
Taylor Memorial Arboretum
History
Q. Do I need to do anything to “prepare” my recyclables?
Cooking Safety Information
If your recycling can was missed on your normal day, please call the Township Offices at 610-566-4516 during the hours of 9 AM to 5 PM. If after-hours, leave a message or send an email to [email protected] and [email protected] You also may contact B&L Disposal at 484-326-9774. Please notify us as soon as you are aware as it makes it easier for the issue to be corrected.
For Residents
Email
Hard cover books
2020 Financial Statements
Terms of Use
Residents
5th Ward, Precinct 2
If you’re unsure of your ward, please consult this map: Ward Map
Garden City Fire Co 1
Corrosive Explosive
Parks
Plastic containers with #3, and 6  on them or no # at all
Reactive
The recyclable materials can be placed together in any container that is less than 65 gallons. The materials will be collected by B&L Disposal, who can be reached at 484-326-9774 B&L Disposal. All materials are taken to Republic Services (BFI Waste Services). B&L and Republic are not permitted to send items to an incinerator or landfill, or they will risk punishment in the form of fines from both the Township and the Department of Environmental Protection.
Financial Information | Nether Providence Township
Apr 4, 2023 9:48am
A.  The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania administers a property tax rebate program for senior citizens who meet certain income eligibility requirements.  Applications are available in the Township Building or at the local district office of your elected state senator or representative.  For more information, visit www.revenue.state.pa.us or call 1-888-222-9190.
Pizza Boxes, unless free of any food or grease residue
Hepford Park
Darryl Dixon
Voting Information | Nether Providence Township
In accordance with the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the state’s arm PEMA, Nether Providence Township has an emergency operations plan,  and individuals from the township’s departments and emergency services are ready to provide support in the event of a township-wide emergency.
Aluminum food and beverage containers – aluminum soda and beer cans, cat food cans, etc.
A: Yes.
NOTE: Students may be eligible to vote in Pennsylvania even if they are classified as being “out of state” by their college or university.
Individuals who are under house arrest (home confinement), regardless of their conviction status or the status of their conditions of confinement.
Mona Price
Real estate tax certifications are $25.00 regardless of how many years are requested.  A duplicate tax bills costs $5.00.  All checks should be made payable to Nether Providence Township.  Requests may be mailed to 214 Sykes Lane, Wallingford, PA 19086.
Delaware County Updates and Information | Nether Providence Township
Police Website
Mirrors, window or auto glass, light bulbs, ceramics
Mar 3, 2023 10:53am
Q.  Where do I pay my taxes?
Ward 1 & 7
Delaware County newsletter
Medical Waste/Sharps
2021 Financial Statements
Smedley Park
Alternative Ballot:
https://www.vaccines.gov/?utm_source=Listrak&utm_medium=Email&utm_term=www.vaccines.gov&utm_campaign=COVID-19+webinar%2c+broadband+survey%2c+holiday+events+and+more
Limbs and branches must not be greater than 3-4″ in diameter and no longer than 5′. They should be bundled together with twine.
If you choose to bag items, they must be in biodegradable bags.
Household items (such as appliances, toasters, cooking pots or pans, etc.)
A. The Township will collect trees placed curbside during the first three weeks in January.  Simply remove any decorations or plastic.
A. Yes. The township receives Performance Grants from the State of Pennsylvania based on the amount of waste recycled within the Township each year.
Water Assistance Program/LIHWAP
A.  No. Taxes should be paid by check.  Checks should be made payable to Nether Providence Township.
A resident of Pennsylvania and the election district in which the individual desires to register and vote for at least thirty (30) days before the next primary.
Place at the curbside by 7:00 am on your scheduled pick-up day.  Please the check the “news” under the homepage http://netherprovidence.org/ on holidays as it is possible the schedule will be adjusted.
Board of Commissioners
Dave Grady
Recycling Pickup Schedule
2nd Ward, Precinct 2
Engineer, Catania Engineering
Q.  How do I pay my school taxes?
Jump to Section Navigation
Public Works Director
Forms & Applications
For the first time in more than 30 years, Delaware County is getting a new County park! The County’s newest and largest County park will be located on the former Don Guanella site in Marple Township. The 213 acre park will be focused on the woodlands that now serve as one of the county’s largest forests.
Closed Primary: Individuals must be registered and entrolled with the Democratic Party or the Republican Party to vote in that party’s primary.
Q. Does the township collect yard waste?
Delaware County Updates and Information
Public Works
Frequently Asked Questions About Your Township Taxes
Q.  How do I go about paying delinquent township taxes?
Public input is a cornerstone of the project and will guide key elements of the plan. Delaware County is seeking fifteen community leaders to join the new Master Plan Advisory Committee for the former Don Guanella property. 
7th Ward, Precinct 1
Q. When does leaf collection occur?
Q.  Does the township accept debit or credit card payments for taxes?
FIND MY POLLING LOCATION: Link to polling place finder
Toxic
Wallingford Elementary School
Nether Providence Township | Wallingford, Garden City and South Media
Sidewalk / Walkway Committee
Recycling Information
Township Code
The newsletter is part of Council’s promise to increase transparency in government and will help ensure that residents are well informed and aware of how Delaware County Government is working to serve the community.

						214 Sykes Lane						Wallingford, PA 19086					
Summit School Committee
2019 DCED Financial Report
7th Ward, Precinct 2
We’re excited to share that we’ve launched the inaugural edition of our new Delaware County newsletter: The Delaware County Weekly.
Pennsylvania state law requires municipalities like Nether Providence to operate recycling programs.  Township residents can recycle two ways – by using the township’s curbside collection program.
A voter who is qualified to vote by Alternative Ballot has the right to do so irrespective of whether the voter is in fact able to appear to vote at the polling place.  The purpose of the Alternative Ballot is to offer a qualified voter who has been assigned to an inaccessible polling place an alternative measn to vote without having to appear at the inaccessible polling place or to qualify to vote by Absentee Ballot.
https://www.delcopa.gov/
Avoiding Holiday ScamsThis holiday season, Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the Pennsylvania State Police are reminding shoppers to be on alert for fraud and scams.   For a list of common scams to watch for and strategies you can use to protect yourself, click here.
Thanks to two recent federal grants, the township’s award-winning fire prevention and education program has been greatly enhanced. “Hazard House,” a table top model, is being used to teach children and adults about good fire safety practices. A Sparky the Fire Dog suit also has been purchased for use with children’s groups. Video materials and smoke detectors also are available to the public.
Q. Can all food cans be recycled?
Closing the Digital Divide14% of all Pennsylvania households do not have an internet subscription and 3.1% of Pennsylvanians live in an area where there is no broadband infrastructure.   Having access to the internet is not a luxury, it is a necessity. Everyone should have the ability to access the internet from home, no matter where their home is.   To help identify gaps, Delaware County has launched a new survey to collect data about the availability of internet service for both residents and business. The survey is now live at delcopa.gov/broadband.   The survey is expected to be available through January 14, 2022.
Sapovits Park
Sleepover Fire Safety for Kids
A.  The township does not collect school taxes.  Please call the School Tax Office at 610-892-3470 for more information.
610-891-4282
A citizen of the United States for at least one month before the primary.
https://survey123.arcgis.com/share/f481bd49c1a94fd99df173f5ce809375?utm_source=Listrak&utm_medium=Email&utm_term=https%3a%2f%2fsurvey123.arcgis.com%2fshare%2ff481bd49c1a94fd99df173f5ce809375&utm_campaign=COVID-19+webinar%2c+broadband+survey%2c+holiday+events+and+more
South Media Fire Co. No. 1                                            Garden City Fire Co. No. 1
2022 Act 44 Disclosure
Code Enforcement Officer
Leaf Mulch
Find my polling location
READ MORE TWP NEWS
Richard Haywood
Q.  Are any other tax rebate programs available?
Apr 4, 2023 5:15pm
E.T. plastic containers with the symbol #1 – no microwave trays
Chief David Splain
Warning Hazardous
Parks Commission
Contacts | Nether Providence Township
Mixed Paper (54), as defined in the most recent ISRI Scrap Specifications Circular
Get a Park Permit
Click here to view a map of the township. (Will open a new window.) The County provides an interactive website for polling: Interactive link to County
Pennsylvania Homeowner Assistance Fund
One member of the township’s Board of Commissioners serves as Fire Commissioner and is the liaison between the volunteers and the township government. Nether Providence Township contributes tax dollars to support  the two companies.  An annual fund drive also provides revenues, with monies raised shared by the two companies.  Both companies also make use of various state and federal grants.
Arts & Cultural Treasures
Apr 4, 2023 10:56am
Leiper-Smedley Trail
The Low-Income Household Water Assistance Program (LIHWAP) is a temporary emergency program to help low-income families pay overdue water bills. LIHWAP is a grant. You do not have to repay it.
515 E. Baltimore Pike, Media, PA 19063
Maureen Feyas
The township leaf mulch program runs from the end of March  until June (or whenever the mulch runs out).  Orders are taken at the Township Building 214 Sykes Lane Monday – Friday 9:00AM – 5:00PM.  No orders will be taken over the phone.
Q. How can I dispose of latex paint?
Paint cans
Board of Assessment
Yard Waste (except grass clippings and weeds), leaves in biodegradable bags (NO PLASTIC BAGS) and bundled sticks will be collected by the Township Public Works Department the second Tuesday of each month. You MUST call the Township in order to get on the list to have your yard waste picked up. Simply call 610-566-4516 Monday through Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM and provide your address.
Here is some additional information from the County: Delaware County Taxes – All Municipalities.
Thank you in advance for your patience as the Township works to implement the schedule. There will be miscalculations and mistakes along the way. We will learn from them. Please thank your Public Works Department employees who brave the cold, rain, and snow to collect leaves.
Staff
Shade Tree Commission
A. The township treasurer serves as tax collector.  This is a part-time position with irregular hours.  To reach the tax collector, call 484-480-9524. If leaving a message about a tax question, please provide as many details as possible, including the folio (parcel) number.
Wednesdays
See Financial Information about the Township
Tuesday, May 16 is Election Day. Know your polling location and other information.
Environmental Advisory Committee
Solicitor
D.P.E. pigmented plastic containers with the symbol #2 – detergent, shampoo, bleach bottles without caps (narrow neck containers);
2011 DCED Financial Report
Week of 10/17 – Wards 2,3,4Week of 10/24 – Wards 1,5,6,7Week of 11/7 – Wards 2,3,4Week of 11/14 – Wards 1,5,6,7Week of 11/28 – Wards 2,3,4Week of 12/5 – Wards 1,5,6,7Week of 12/12 – final pass through all wards (1,2,3,4,5,6,7)
Name
Martha Burton Community Park
_
May 5, 2023 11:55am
Any item that has any of the following warnings on the label should be discarded at a household hazardous waste collection event:
Anne Marie Cooke
Mar 3, 2023 3:05pm
Q.  Does the Township recycle electronics?
Wallingford, Garden City and South Media
Plastic Bags or bagged material (newsprint may be placed in a Kraft bag)
  Nether Providence Township Facebook Page
Privacy Statement
Repaving schedule, weather permitting.
Convicted Misdemeanants (individuals who are confined in a penal institution for conviction of a misdemeanor only).
A. Recycling saves energy, reduces pollution, and preserves natural resources.  So be part of the solution – Recycle!
Public Safety
2018 DCED Financial Report
The Delaware County Election Day Guide 2023 Primary Election & Special Election Day Guide
Q. How do I dispose of heavy trash?
A. Please see the link by clicking here: Healthcare Waste Disposal
Financial Information
Diapers
Mixed plastic food and beverage containers symbol #4, 5 and 7 – plastic containers
//FIND
Both companies have engines (pumpers), utility vehicles, and command vehicles.  Garden City operates the township’s ladder truck, while South Media has a heavy rescue truck used in motor vehicle accidents.
Q. Does the township earn money for the items we recycle?
216
2014 DCED Financial Report
2010 DCED Financial Report
Local Services Tax
Robert W. Scott
Click the link from FEMA for more information and printable check lists.    https://www.ready.gov/kit
