A Little Bit about who we are and what we do 
Meet Our Supervisors
C.W Resh Park
147 Municipal Building RoadPO Box 403Melcroft, PA  15462P:  724-455-2866F:  724-455-2366E:  admin@saltlicktownship.org
Mr. Gregory GrimmMr. Edward BukovacMr. Timothy CoffmanThese men spend their time making decisions and maintaining this beautiful township that is nestled in the beautiful and scenic Laurel Highlands.
Township Meetings: 1st Tuesday of every month @ 3:30pm 147 Municipal Building Rd., Melcroft, PA
Contact us
Saltlick TownshipFayette CountyPennsylvania
I.C.V. Hike and Bike Trail is a 6 mile trail that runs along the Indian Creek Valley Railroad Corridor from Champion, PA to Indian Head, PA.  The I.C.V Hike and Bike Trail is a wooded trail that runs along side of Indian Creek.  The Trail is fairly level and is surfaced with crushed aggregate.  
I.C.V Hike and bike trail 
Monthly Meetings
Monthly Meeting Agenda
PANDORA
Please contact us to rent a beautiful pavilion that is within C.W. Resh Park. Pavilions are either a $50 or $60 donation. The park offers many fun things to do. Come play on our playground equipment, play a game of baseball, basketball or set beside a beautiful stream that flows into the majestic Indian Creek. The park also offers a gazebo that can be rented as well. It's the perfect place for a small wedding, picnic, or just to relax and read a good book. Pavilion rental is available for a $25 donation.
Saltlick Township Municipality
We're Coming Soon

​
The first Tuesday of the month at 3:30 p.m. come join us for our monthly meeting. This time is to review and discuss what is going on in our township. Your comments and feedback is what helps us make Saltlick Township a better community. Meetings are always held at the Saltlick Township Municipal Building.147 Municipal Building Road, Melcroft, PA 15462
UPCOMING MEETING DATE:June 6, 2023-- Meeting Agenda.Approve minutes for the previous month.Approve payment of bills paid and pending for previous month.Open bid from the Alpine, Melcroft, Hopewell project. Executive Session:Discussion of several properties in Saltlick Township* A special thank you to those that attended the our Board Meeting!
