	The Franklin County Office of Open Records provides access to public information and enforces the state’s Right-to-Know law.  Its function is to serve as a resource for citizens, public officials and members of the media in obtaining public records of Franklin County.  The County has adopted its own Open Records Policy to implement this Law.  Please refer to the document found on this webpage for a full explanation of the regulations and procedures governing the County’s Open Records Law.
Aging Agency
COMMUNITY CALL TO ACTION: We will work together to mitigate the spread of COVID-19.
Fishing License
Work Release Program
		Pa.R.J.A.605 - Supervision of Magisterial District Courts by President Judges
Overvoting a Ballot
12.15.2020 COVID-19 Pop-up Testing Site and Update on Vaccine Distribution
	Individuals are to be provided the opportunity to cast a provisional ballot if:
Sheriff Civil Service
	EXCEPTION: A voter that is registered with a minor political party may vote for a referendum question during a spring primary election if one appears on the ballot.
Court Facility Improvement Project
Are there fees associated with open records?
                                                        Register & Recorder
Poll worker Information
                                                        Trauma-informed Care
Open Records Policy
Past Election Results
Franklin County Mementos
P: 717-264-4125
	Congressional District
Divorce Hearing Office
Tax Assessment
	Possible selections for sorting a file from the voting master data base includes: 
	218 N. Second St.
Contact Tyler
MH/IDD/EI
Children and Youth Services
jcbyers@franklincountypa.gov
	If you disagree with a determination of the Open Records Officer, you may file an appeal to the Pennsylvania Office of Open Records.  Guidelines and forms for appeals may be found at https://www.openrecords.pa.gov/
Desktop Support Specialist
Theft Prevention
Community Announcements
	Find answers to frequently asked questions about Jury Duty.
District Attorney's Open Records Information
Other Grant Opportunities
                                                        Living Here
Archives
	• Non-Photo ID issued by the U.S. Government  
Criminal Procedure
3.11.2021 ?Commissioners Announce Location of Community Vaccination Clinic?
	(717) 261-3886
The Support & Referral Helpline is available at 1-855-284-2494.
	Other Useful Links
Townships
	• Pre-decisional deliberations
Domestic Relations
4.8.2020 Commissioners to Temporarily Reduce Staffing Due to Decreased Consumer Activity
Dig Deeper
Uniform Parcel Identifier Program (UPI)
Rusty Waltz                                            
	Senatorial District
	To contact the GIS department, please call the phone number to the right or email gis@franklincountypa.gov
Poll worker Hall of Fame
General Information Requests 
Offices Up for Election
Undervoting a Ballot
	Labels and custom voter lists can be sorted in several ways. It is very important that you be specific when you submit your request to the Board of Elections. 
                                                        Information Technology
Commissioners Urge Residents to Help Mitigate COVID-19
Contact Rusty
Tyler Forrester                                            
Quincy Township
 
		• Bring something to read or do to pass the time spent waiting.
Exempted Records
	• Personal financial information
	These courts are organized into judicial districts, generally following geographical boundaries of the state’s counties. In most judicial districts, juries hear a wide range of cases. Please take time to review so you are better informed about your responsibilities and the importance of your role in the trial process.
Information for Candidates (2023 Election Cycle) Candidates may pick up their candidate packet beginning Feb. 1, 2023 in the Commissioners’ Office located in the Administration Building, 272 North Second Street, Chambersburg, PA.  Our hours of operation are 8:30 am – 4:30 pm, Monday- Friday.)
		• As a prospective juror, you are permitted to bring handheld electronic devices(smartphones, tablets, laptops, etc.) with you to the courthouse; HOWEVER, they are not permitted to be turned on when Court is in session and/or while in a jury deliberation room. Electronic devices shall not be used to obtain or disclose any information about any cases. No exceptions.
	Chambersburg, PA 17202
Court Calendar
	For payments online please go to: https://ujsportal.pacourts.us/PayOnline.aspx
For recipients of CARES Act small business and nonprofit grants: COVID-19 County Relief Block Grant Contract
Ballot Samples
	Each candidate running for office will be allowed two street lists for the political district in which they are running at no charge. Additional copies may be purchased at the cost of eight cents per page for a street list of the whole county (all precincts) or ten cents a page for street lists of individual precincts. 
3.16.2020 Senior Activity Centers Closed to Public Beginning Tuesday, March 17, 2020 
	Chambersburg, PA 17201
First Offender Program
	• Current paycheck  
Planting Your Tree
WellSpan Health - COVID-19 Press Conference - 11/11/2020 
Jennie Aines                                        
Department Clerk II
                                                        Children and Youth Services
	Franklin County Human Services Information & Referral
Veterans Burial Applications
Where to Turn For Help -Children's Services
Hamilton Township
Small Games of Chance License
Supervision
	In Franklin County, there are two types of incorporated municipalities, boroughs and townships. 
	Party Affiliation
The law requires the open records officer to do the following
Director
                                                        Emergency Services
Coupon Project
Center for Disease Control and Prevention
	Voting History
Controller
General Election Information
  Information for Victims of Domestic Violence 
Guilford Township
                                                        Law Library
Sexual Violence Protection (SVPO)
	When a voter overvotes for a particular office, all of the votes cast by that voter for the overvoted office are CANCELLED.  
                                                        Plant a Tree, Preserve our Future: Franklin County's Tree Planting Project
	FRANKLIN COUNTY COVID-19 Impact & Response - 6/4/2020 at 10:00 a.m.
Where Do I Begin?
	• An election official asserts that the individual is not eligible to vote. 
	Pennsylvanians can call 24/7 to speak with someone who can listen and help connect them to resources. (For TTY, dial 724-631-5600.)
	Closed on weekends and all county observed holidays
Internships and Job Shadowing
About
Is there a form to obtain records?
Franklin County Recycling Locations
Franklin County Photo Contest
Who Qualifies
Procurement
	Census-designated places are geographical areas designated by the U.S. Census Bureau for the purposes of compiling demographic data. They are not actual jurisdictions under Pennsylvania law. Other unincorporated communities, such as villages, may be listed here as well.
Franklin County Compliance Program
Application Programmer Analyst I
		For Open Records information for the Franklin County District Attorney's Office, please click here
		Open Records Officer
Marion
Tree Assistance in Franklin County
The "Walk Unabowed" Project
Contact Jennie
Juvenile Probation
Drug Tip Form
Antrim Township
Current Bid Opportunities
Southampton Township
Guilford
                                                        Solicitor
Election Calendar
	County election officials will begin to examine the provisional ballots no later than seven (7) days after the election to determine whether the individual voting that ballot was entitled to vote at the election district in that election. 
Avoid contact with people who are sick.
Technology and Social Media Awareness Class
Hazard Mitigation Plan, 2021
	County, township and borough elections are held in odd numbered years.
PA Courts Judicial Structure
Timeline of Franklin County's History
	The Franklin County Board of Commissioners recognizes the vast benefits of incorporating GIS into daily operations, and has begun a concerted effort to invest in and expand the GIS program within the organization. 
	• Voter Identification Card issued by the Voter Registration Commission 
Where to Turn For Help -Health Services
Court Administration
                                                        Visit Us
When are Elections Held
Voting Ward Maps
	Franklin County is an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides advancement opportunities to everyone. Our employment practices are not influenced or affected by race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran's status, or any other categories protected by law.	  Career Opportunities
ir@franklincountypa.gov
Human Services Block Grant
                                                        District Attorney
Fees for Public Records Requests
Dog License
IT Director
Juror Information
Local resources may be found at Healthy Franklin County.
Phone 
		Please click HERE for information on the Court Facility Improvement Project. 
	Trial by an impartial jury of citizens from the community is the cornerstone of the American judicial system by which our people judge and settle all controversies. Many other systems have been tried throughout the world, but our system is the one believed most likely to accomplish justice and fairness. It guarantees that no one person or government will dictate his or her opinion to others. It further guarantees that all final decisions involving our rights, liberty and property rest in capable hands of the honorable men and women of the community who serve as jurors.
3.16.2020 Franklin County Jail Take Steps To Prevent COVID-19 Exposure
                                                        Fair Housing
                                                        Transportation Services
	For example, the office of Commissioners on the Municipal Election ballot states to "Vote for NOT MORE THAN TWO" although there are three candidates actually elected.  If you mark the oval to the left of the three candidates for County Commissioner, you have overvoted and none of the candidates wil receive a vote.  
Information and Referral Brochure
	Mailing Address
	Fax: 717-261-3832
COVID-19 RELATED FUNDING RESOURCES:
		Magisterial district judges, as officers of the Pennsylvania Unified Judicial System, may administer oaths and affirmations and take acknowledgements. They also have authority to perform marriages. It is up to the individual judge’s decision whether he or she wishes to perform marriage ceremonies as there is no legally prescribed form for a wedding ceremony so religious services and vows conform to the secular content in which they are used.
Fees
Joel Burkholder                                            
	Approved forms of identification include:
	Franklin County Human Services Information and Referral (I&R) is available to anyone seeking information regarding the available human services in Franklin County. I&R is a resource intended for public use. Individuals who are uncertain of how to access the information or services that they desire are encouraged to contact us. If the desired information is not directly at hand, I&R will actively research and respond to the inquiry as quickly and efficiently as possible.
E-mail (*)
Where to Turn For Help -Behavioral Services
Register and Recorder Fee Schedules
Carla Rock                                            
Policies and Documents
                                                        Domestic Relations
	• Current utility bill  
		 
Warren Township
		272 North Second Street
	Office hours: 8:00am - 4:30pm
	Yes.  Please see the fee structure found on this webpage for the fees structure established by the Franklin County Commissioners in accordance with the law.
Other Services
Drug Abuse
The Commissioners
County Grant Opportunities
Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.
	• Drivers’ license numbers
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) MISSION STATEMENT To manage the county's geospatial capabilities and tools, i.e., interactive reference mapping and spatial (map-based) analysis, and all data, applications, services and architecture that support them.  
Business Survey
	Where Do I Vote?
Polling Place Information
Reentry Service Guide
                                                        Law Enforcement Agencies
State Line
Providers
	Fax (717) 261-3131
Mont Alto
openrecords@pa.gov
	Undervoting should not be confused with overvoting.  A voter undervotes when they cast fewer votes for a particular office than is permitted to cast.  NO BALLOT OR VOTE WILL BE CANCELLED AS A RESULT OF AN UNDERVOTE.  Also, the Precinct Counters are not programmed to detect and notify voters when it encounters a ballot that is undervoted. 
	Closed on weekends and all county observed holidays|
In House Programming
Commissioners' Boards and Committees
	2023 Election Information
                                                        Local Rules of Court
	The Judges of the 39th Judicial District thank you for contributing your time for jury duty. The performance of jury service is the fulfillment of a most important civic obligation. Conscientious service brings its own reward in the satisfaction of a task well done. Jury service is one of the most valuable public services that the average citizen has an opportunity to perform.
	Provisional voting is a new voting process that ensures that registered voters are not denied the right to vote because they are not listed in the district poll book, or are unable to provide approved identification when required.
Room Tax Returns
	425 Franklin Farm Lane
Pay...
	You can also find additional election information on the SURE Public Portal at http://www.pavoterservices.state.pa.us
	This will not cause your entire ballot to be cancelled, just the votes for the office of County Commissioner. 
Election Results
Request Form
  Hotel Tax Information 
	Municipal/General elections are held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday of November. 
Program Partners
Information for Victims of Domestic Violence (English)
11.20.2020 Franklin County Awards COVID-19 Relief Grants
Franklin County Hotel Room Tax Registration
	Kyle D. Thomas, Senior Assistant District Attorney
  Magisterial District Judges 
                                                        Archives
		Please click HERE  for a look inside the PA Criminal Courtroom.
Treasurer
Network and Security Administrator
Information Technology
Victim/Witness Services
Community Calendar
		Franklin County Commissioners’ Office
School Based
	Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
	• Photo Identification (must be valid):
                                                        Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
                                                        Procurement
                                                                                                                    
	The purpose of this information is to acquaint jurors with a few methods and procedures that relate to jury service and selection in Pennsylvania’s Court of Common Pleas. The Court of Common Pleas are Pennsylvania’s general trial courts.
JUMP
Information Technology Services Department MISSION STATEMENT To maintain the highest levels of customer service to the employees and citizens of Franklin County by providing for the fast, effective, secure, and friendly delivery of technology services. 
12.10.2020 Commissioners Urge Residents to Help Mitigate COVID-19
Personal Property Sales
Income-Based Housing Options
Intellectual & Developmental Disabilities
Fort Loudon
	• The individual appears to vote and claims to be properly registered and eligible to vote in the election district, but the election official cannot verify their registration. 
  District Attorney's Open Records Information 
Mercersburg
	When the voter selects "Return" on the Precinct Counter's LCD screen, the ballot will be returned to the voter without any votes being counted.  The voter will then need to present their overvoted ballot to the election officials to be spoiled and ask for a new ballot. 
Clerk of Courts/Orphans' Court
Specialized Services Unit
Election Press Releases
Contact Carla
	Check your voter registration status before you call!
PA Courts Protection Orders
	Jeffrey Conner
Senior Center Locations
                                                        Aging Agency
Register & Recorder
County Provided Services
Reentry Coalition
	An overvote occurs when an indiviaul indecates on his/her ballot a vote for more candidates than the number of candidates for which an individual is permitted to vote for a particular office.
Boroughs and Townships
COVID-19 Screening Protocol
Case Studies
Where to Turn For Help - Individuals with Disabilities Services
                                                        Commissioners' Office
Provisional Voting Procedures
	Email
                                            About
Plant a Tree, Preserve our Future: Franklin County's Tree Planting Project
http://www.contacthelpline.org
Appeal
Online Marriage License
                                                        Information and Referral
How to request information?
Additional Resources / Links
                                                        Voter and Election Information
Waynesboro
Fannett Township
Human Services Administration
                                            Judicial
	County Board of Elections, Department of State Bureau of Commissions, Elections and Legislation. 
Where to Turn For Help -Food and Meal Services
  Candidate Election Information 
	Legislative District
Local Rules of Court
	Once you have provided approved identification, you will be asked to sign your name in the poll book and be allowed to vote if the signature is found to be authentic.  If you are unable or unwilling to provide one of the above forms of ID, then you may vote by a provisional ballot. 
District Attorney
Contact Austin
  Municipalities 
Volunteer
Protection From Abuse (PFA)
FOR UP-TO-DATE, ACCURATE INFORMATION, please visit:
	Registration Dates 
                                            Commissioners
Court-related news releases may be found HERE.
Systems Administrator
	Mailing labels by voter or household may also be purchased at the cost of $50.00 per thousand labels.  Payment must be made to the County of Franklin prior to obtaining the labels. 
	If you are confused as to whether you have overvoted or undervoted, please do not hestitate to ask for instructions from an elections officer. 
Anthony Merletti                                            
	• Current bank statement  
Tax Claim
	The Franklin County Information Technology Services Department (ITSD) provides technology support for all county operations. The Geographic Information Systems (GIS)  fall under the leadership of the ITSD. 
Tax Collectors
	Closed on weekends and all county observed holidays.
                                                        Human Services Block Grant
	Open Records Officer
Local Contracted Providers
	If you have any questions regarding the process or payment of hotel tax please contact the office of the County Treasurer at (717) 261-3120.
                            
Current Job Openings
Franklin County Metropolitan Planning Organization (FCMPO)
	Help Desk:
Frequently Asked Questions
                                                        Prothonotary
                                                        Criminal Justice Advisory Board
Information and Referral 
                                                        Healthy Franklin County
		• If you use public transportation, find out which route you need to take and time schedules to arrive on time.
                                                        Grants Management 
Application Support Specialist
		Magisterial district courts are responsible for adjudicating all traffic and non-traffic citations as well as processing criminal and private criminal complaints inclusive of arraignments and preliminary hearings, the handling of civil and landlord tenant complaints up to a jurisdictional limit of $12,000 as well as parking violations.
  Juror Information  
	For information on voting in Franklin County, you may watch an online demo and instructional video on voting an optical scan/digital ballot using a DS200 Precinct Counter at this website.  
Jennie Aines                                            
Career Opportunities
Archives Blog
Open Records Request Form
Does the optical Precinct Counters address Overvoted Ballots?
Eligibility and Intake
	Non-Photo Identification (must include your name and address):   
3.13.2020 COVID-19 - 39th Judicial District
Zachary Goldman                                            
                                                        Planning
                                                        Fiscal
Department Overview
5.29.2020 Emergency Solutions Grant - CARES
Noll Wilt                                            
Coroner's Disclosure/Production of Certain Records
IT Coordinator
                                                        Court Facility Improvement Project
Inmate Rights, Privileges, and Responsibilities 
 Notices Open Records Policy Social Media Public Comment Policy HIPAA Privacy Notice Non-Discrimination Regulation FCC Grievance Process For Employees ESS Intranet
Introduction
	• House addresses of law enforcement and judges
		Please click HERE for important information on Jury Parking. 
Send Message
Carla Couch                                            
	• Firearm Permit  
Open Records Information
Where to Turn For Help -Basic Needs
Use an alcohol- based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.
Living Here
Homestead/Farmstead
	• ID issued by the U.S. Government  
Training Announcements
Bingo License
Kaden Blair                                            
                                            General Government
Human Resources
This contract is with the Department of Community and Economic Development for the approximately $14 million received and distributed by the County including through its partnerships as small business and nonprofit grants. This contract is incorporated in all small business and nonprofit grant agreements and may be referenced.
Fair Housing
FAQ
Where to Turn For Help -Aging Services
	Walk-In
Information and Referral
Healthy Franklin County
                                                        Parking Map
Other Local History Resources
		• In the event of inclement weather or an emergency develops on selection days, please contact Court Administration at 717-261-3848 and leave a message.  Staff needs to hear from you and will follow up accordingly.
Poll Worker Interest Form
Contact Marlies
Victim Awareness
Wayne Heights
Real Estate Sales
	Name
	For public records requests  and to view records policies, please follow this link for instructions and more information: http://www.pacourts.us/public-record-policies
Prothonotary's Fee Schedule
Wear a mask.
Contact Us
CJAB News
	A provisional ballot is a paper ballot that is printed in the same format as other paper ballots except on green paper.  Provisional ballots are returned unopened in the proper security envelopes to the County Board of Elections, who has the responsibility to determine in a public meeting whether the provisioanl voter was qualified to vote.   
	Service Access Coordinator - M - F, 8:30 - 4:30
	• Name, title, salary of public employees and officials
	• PA Driver's License or ID Card issued by PennDOT 
The  History of the Franklin County Courthouse
Passports
	The request must be sufficiently “specific” to allow the public body to identify what you are seeking.
First-time Voters Provisions
Coroner
Contact Zachary
Election Clerk Manual
Remuneration Fund
	• U. S. Armed Forces ID  
Where to Turn For Help Guide
Important Dates
	• A record from a Court or court-related office (except financial records). 
Mosquito & Tick-borne Disease Program
Find...
Law Library
Taxes
Tax Assessment FAQ
	Office Hours: M- F 8:30am - 4:30pm
Homestead/Farmstead FAQ
                                                        Court Calendar
                                                        Taxes
                                                        Drug and Alcohol
Shippensburg (mostly in Cumberland County)
Pennsylvania Juvenile Justice System 
Expungements
Inspectors of Election Manual
Adult Probation
	 	 	  This site uses Adobe Reader. 
	Website: 
Pollworker Hall of Fame
Residential Survey (español)
WellSpan COVID-19 Information Dashboard
Find Voter Registration Status
Clean surfaces frequently, such as countertops, light switches, cell phones and other frequently touched areas.
                                                        County History
facebook
Children and Adolescent Service System Program
Mental Health
		Magisterial District Courts use the PAePay online system for the payment of fines and costs at all of the magisterial district courts.  This allows an individual to pay fines, costs, restitution, collateral etc. online from any internet connected computer.
	© 2023 Franklin County, PA
                                        
5.13.2020 An Open Letter from the Franklin County Board of Commissioners
Resources
Pennsylvania Department of Health (PADOH) and COVID-19 Early Warning Monitoring System Dashboard
                                                        Juvenile Probation
Fayetteville
Report...
11.20.2020 Visitors to County Buildings Must Pass COVID-19 Symptoms Screening
Photo Gallery
                                                        Courts
Protection From Intimidation (PFI)
                                                        MH/IDD/EI
	All election officers receive compensation for their duties based on voter turnout.
Courts
St. Thomas Township
Chambersburg
Public Defender
Information for Victims of Domestic Violence
	• A transcript or copy of a 911 recording (without a court order or subpoena)
Comprehensive Plan Update
                                                        Contact Us
                                                        Municipalities
3.17.2020 Senior Activity Centers closed to the public beginning March 17
Recreation
Grants Management 
Organization
Communications
	• Student ID or Employee ID  
Recovery/Recovery Housing
3.10.2020 Franklin County Prepares for Coronavirus
Resources for Consumers
	• Home, cellular or personal phone numbers
Save-A-Vet, Save-A-Pet
4.16. 2020 Commissioners Plan to Extend County Property Tax Payment Deadline
		• Get directions to the courthouse in advance.
Special Raffle Permit
	Be sure to read the voting instructions on the ballot before voting.
Registered Supplier Instructions
	Poll worker Information
Useful Links
	Telephone (717) 264-5225
  General Election Information 
	The incorporation will result in increased productivity, cost-effectiveness, and dissemination of knowledge for numerous county projects and entities, in effect enhancing the public service capacity of the county.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds (say the Pledge of Allegiance twice or sing “Happy Birthday” twice).
		Please click HERE for a Parking Map. 
	PA Open Records Officer: 
                                                        Children and Adolescent Service System Program
                                            How Do I...
		Chambersburg, PA  17201
Public Records Policies/Forms
Resources for Professionals
	Find more mental health resources online: dhs.pa.gov/Services/Mental-Health-In-PA
After Care
	333 Market Street, 16th Floor
To anyone struggling, teens and young adults included, help is available.
What is PA 211
	• U. S. Passport  
Tax Claim FAQ
3.18.2020 County and Courts Declare an Emergency in Preparation for COVID-19
Sheriff
	• Social Security numbers
                                            Human Services
                                            Press Releases
Stay home if you are sick.
Help for Victims and Witnesses
Libraries
Central Court
Where to Turn For Help -Veteran Services
		For Open Records information for the Franklin County Courts, please click here
	ir@franklincountypa.gov  
                                                        Frequently Asked Questions
Court Information
                                                        Coroner
Boroughs
Greene Township
		• Before the date you are scheduled to appear, find a convenient place to park if you are driving. The county provides free parking at the lots described in the FAQ section about Jury Duty.
Visitation
Proclamations
History
	272 North Second St
	An Agency has five business days to respond in writing and: 1) grant the request; 2) deny the request (citing the legal basis for denial/partial denial); or 3) invoke a 30-day extension for certain reasons.  The clock starts the day after the request is received during regular business hours.
                                                        Libraries
Explanation of Rejected and Challenged Petitions (2023 Election Cycle)
Cover any coughs or sneezes with your elbow, not your hands.
	• 911 time response log
                                                        Communications
	Harrisburg, PA  17101-2234
Coping With Stress During Infectious Disease Outbreaks
Mental Health Co-responder / Community Liaison Program
Hazardous Materials Operations
Washington Township
                                                        Reentry Coalition
	Household 
	As a result of the Help America Vote Act (HAVA), if you are voting in an election district for the first time, you will be asked to present an approved form of identification before you sign the poll book.
Email
Program Description
What is the Result of an Overvoted Ballot that is "Returned" by the Precinct Counter?
View all dept. staff
Magisterial District Judges
	There are several easy ways to contact an Information & Referral Specialist to learn of the services that are available. No matter the contact method, you will receive the same service each time.  
3.19.2020 Board of Commissioner Meetings Move to Once a Week
                                                        Proclamations
Events
Information for Victims of Domestic Violence (Spanish)
Resources for Human Service Professionals
2.25.2021 Commissioners Collaborate to Bring Community Vaccination Clinic to Franklin County
Community Provided Services
Publications
What is Undervoting?
Veterans Affairs Outreach Efforts
Service Offerings
	Address
	FRANKLIN COUNTY UPDATE ON COVID-19, as of 3/17/2020 at 9:30 a.m.
Jerry Bennett                                            
Emergency Services
Judges
What is the Result of an Overvoted Ballot this is "Accepted" by the Precinct Counter?
Toggle navigation
Information Access and LINK Service Coordinator 
Who may Vote by Provisional Ballot?
		• Plan to arrive early, as there are often time delays due to security screening, especially on jury selection days. 
Interactive GIS Web Mapping Portal
Current Solicitation Opportunities
Civil Protection Orders
                                                        Education
                                                        Elected Officials
Jail
Updates & Events
3.17.2020 Declaration of Disaster Emergency
                                                        Drug Task Force
Get Involved...
Open in Google Map
Quick Tips for Jurors
	Are You Registered? 
Message (*)
Where to Turn For Help -Employment Services
Elected Officials
	Simply dial 2-1- 1 or call (717) 261-2561 Assistance via phone is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
	Within seven (7) days after the election, the County Board of Elections will begin to examine the provisional ballot to determine the validity of your completed provisional ballot.  
Austin Stoler                                            
	Pennsylvania Courts Launch Outreach Campaign to Help Stop Abuse. The goal of the outreach campaign is to help victims more easily navigate the process of filing protection orders. Below you will find contact information and other information for victims of domestic violence. 
Procedures for Voting a Paper Ballot in Franklin County
	• ID issued by any Commonwealth of Pennsylvania agency  
Name (*)
Documents
	Monday - Friday 8:30 - 4:30  
	National, state and party elections are held in even numbered years. 
Voter and Election Information 
Pennsylvania Criminal Justice System 
Community Connections
What are some examples of public records?
Prothonotary
Apply/File for...
	_______
                                                        Open Records Information
Helpful Links
		Please click HERE for a short video regarding Jury Service.
	Most individuals receive information and referral assistance via the telephone. Their needs may span the spectrum of human experiences from prenatal planning to financial assistance, housing, assistance for a funeral and all life moments, both major and minor, as well as in-between. Individuals speak with trained, empathetic I & R Specialist, who assess their needs in a non-threatening, non-judgmental and confidential manner and help them understand their situations and make informed decisions about possible solutions. I & R assist those who are in urgent situations, and most significantly, advocate on behalf of those individuals who need additional support.  
Benefits
Diversion Programs
Advice for New Clients
3.21.2020 County Modified Operations in Response to COVID-19, Maintains Services
	Please contact the webmaster at webmaster@franklincountypa.gov with any questions or comments. 
Pen Mar
Sportsman Gun Permit
Contact Michael
Planning
                                                        Clerk of Courts/Orphans' Court
Jury Duty Frequently Asked Questions
Franklin County, PA: Hotel Tax Information 
	Email: kdthomas@franklincountypa.gov
Prevention
272 North Second Street,
                                                        Commissioners' Meeting Agenda & Minutes
Contact Jerry
	Hours: Services are available 24/7
Coroner's Office Right to Know Policy
How do I know if my Provisional Ballot Counted?
Montgomery Township
	Program Description
	Office of Open Records
Emergency Management Agency 
	Precinct
Forms
	Yes, the Help America Vote Act (HAVA) requires that a voter be notified if they have overvoted prior to casting their ballot so that they have the opportunity to correct their overvote. When a voter places their ballot into the Precinct Counter with an overvote, the counter will produce an audio alert and indicate on the LCD screen that an overvote has occurred. At this point the voter has the choice to "CAST" their ballot as is or push "RETURN" to retrieve their ballot back for correction.
Getting Started
COUNTY UPDATES:
Drug and Alcohol
X close
Hotel Tax Information
Payment Division
                                                        Jail
Election Official's Procedures Manual
URL
                                                        Recreation
Contact James
Nomination Petition for County & MDJ Offices ONLY (Must be printed/copied as DUPLEX (double-sided, front & back, head-to-head) on plain white legal-size paper (8 ½” x 14”).  Petitions for Municipal Offices will be provided in the Municipal Candidate Packets.
Veteran Affairs
	All election officers shall be qualified registered electors of the district in which they are elected or appointed. 
Most Wanted Fugitives
		Please click HERE for a downloadable copy of our Juror's Guidebook.
The Youth Aid Panel
Precinct Information
                                                        Human Resources
	If you inadvertently vote for more than the allowed number of candidates for a particular office, ask for a new ballot. 

Search the Archives
Services
                                                        Doing Business Here
Marlies Ries                                            
	• Employee numbers
4.24.2020 County Property Tax Deadline Extended
Designated Agent Authorization Form
	 
Peters Township
Contact
	Franklin County Coroner
Visit Us
	Register to Vote Online
Contact Lillian
Press Releases
Contact Anthony
County History
                      Chambersburg, PA 17201
Permit Applications
                                                        Video Tours
1.11.2021 CARES Act Funding Distributed to School Districts for Internet Access
Street Lists and Mailing Labels
Contact Kaden
Early Intervention
Room Tax Ordinance
	You can make a request four ways:  mail, fax, e-mail or in person.
Letterkenny Township
Rouzerville
Penn State Cooperative Extension
                                                        Controller
Translate
James Hadley                                            
	• The voter is voting as a result of a federal or state court order.
Victim Notification Program (SAVIN)
	• Non-Photo ID issued by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania  
	• Government check 
                                                        Community Connections
  Open Records Information 
Phone: 717-261-3149
Voter and Election Information
	(717) 261-2561
Real Estate Sales FAQs
	Phone: 717-261-3827
	District
	• A minor’s name, home address, date of birth
                                                        Sheriff
Click HERE to fill out your juror questionnaire and check your juror status online.
	The health and welfare of county residents, businesses, employees, and visitors is Franklin County's primary concern. Because of this, we are working together with federal, state and local healthcare experts and emergency service providers to minimize the potential impact of COVID-19 within our communities.
                                                        Penn State Cooperative Extension
Help Desk Specialist
Orrstown
Overdose Prevention
Transportation Services
The Criminal Process
	(717) 261-3149
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information
Online Juror Questionnaire and Status
Candidate Election Information
		Magisterial district judge’s jurisdiction in criminal cases includes parking violations through other summary and misdemeanor and felony offenses including the initial phases of murder offenses. All misdemeanor and felony violations are more commonly called court cases. These categories of cases are filed in the district courts where they are preliminarily arraigned and afforded a preliminary hearing. At the conclusion of the preliminary hearing the charges are dismissed, waived to court or held for court and referred onto the Court of Common Pleas.
Courts' Right To Know Requests
Tips for Social Distancing, Quarantine, and Isolation
	Decisions of the Pennsylvania Office of Open Records may be appealed at:
Census Designated Places 
		Please click HERE for information on Jury Duty Scams.
                                                        Public Defender
What is an Overvote?
Michael Deckert                                            
Parking Map
Fiscal
	Check Your Voter Status!
                                                        Adult Probation
Plant Your Own Tree
Franklin County, PA 
Video Tours
Blue Ridge Summit
PA Courts Facebook Page
Registering to Vote 
	Administration Building
                                                        Veteran Affairs
Send an Inmate Money
Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
What are some types of information that will NOT be available?
Magisterial District Court Locations
Criminal Justice Advisory Board
	• The individual does not have an approved form of identification the first time they appear to vote in an election district. 
Residential Survey (English)
 Juror Questionnaire and Status 
		For Open Records information for the Coroner's Office, please click here
Lurgan Township
Contact Joel
Education
Solicitor
	Election results are available on this website or by contacting the Franklin County Election Board at (717) 261-3810. 
Municipalities
Coroner's Open Records Information
Contact Noll
COVID-19 VACCINE INFORMATION
Election Officers
PRESS RELEASES:
NOAA Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador
Commissioners' Meeting Agenda & Minutes
		Jean C. Byers.
	Regulation and Oversight
	VOLUNTEERS NEEDED:  If you or someone you know would be interested in serving on your local election board, please contact the Franklin County Commissioners' Office at (717) 261-3810 or by email.   
Intervention
	Yes, a standard Franklin County Office of Open Records request form is available on this webpage.  The Franklin County Office of Open Records will also accept the form from the Pennsylvania Office of Open Records.
Franklin County, PA
Absentee and Mail-in Ballot
UMOVA Notice for Military & Overseas Voters
Franklin & Adams County Broadband Survey
Lillian Rodriguez - Spanish Speaking                                            
	To keep voter registration records current and accurate. To comply with Federal and State Laws. 
Line/General
  
	Pennsylvania has a closed primary which means that you cannot vote unless you are a member of one of the major political parties.  
Doing Business Here
Scotland
                                                        Commissioners' Boards and Committees
Zachary West                                            
	At least seven (7) days after the election, using the information provided to you on the provisional ballot identification receipt given to you at your polling place, call 1-877-VOTES-PA or visit http://www.votespa.com.  Provide your provisional ballot identification number.  You will be told whether your provisional ballot was counted, you will be told why your provisional ballot was not counted.  
                                            Calendar
                                                        Treasurer
		• Food in general is not permitted in the courthouse; however, given the importance of your duty, the Courts recognize medical, dietary, and related needs.  Food for these noted needs will be permitted in the courthouse on selection days.
	All elections shall be conducted in each of the County's seventy-three (73) election districts by an election board consisting of a judge of election, a majority inspection of election, a minority inspector of election and one or two clerks.
Privacy Statement
What is Provisional Voting?
DUI/Investigation Unit 
How do you avoid an Overvote?
	These records must be requested directly from the appropriate office since they are part of the unified judicial system and do not fall under the requirements of the Open Records Law.  For example, civil case information can be obtained through the Prothonotary, criminal court information through the Clerk of Courts, and District Court matters can be obtained through each respective Magisterial District Judge office.
Trauma-informed Care
                                                        Divorce Hearing Office
Campaign Finance
		• All jurors will be required to go through a metal detector. When in doubt, leave items at home or in your car. 
	Primary elections are held on the third Tuesday of May, except in Presidential years when it is held on the fourth Tuesday of April. 
Franklin County is reminding residents to follow recommendations from the PADOH and local healthcare providers:
	Support is provided via a Community of Practice (CoP) division of labor. Each Community of Practice is a grouping of similarly functioned departments within the county. Currently there are three CoPs: General Government, Health and Human Services, and Judicial/Public Safety.
	Fax (717) 267-0812
What is a Provisional Ballot?
RESOURCES:
	Sort the selected file by:
	If you wish to contest the decision of the Open Records Officer, you may appeal in writing within 15 business days of the date of Response to Chief Deputy District Attorney Travis A. Carabaugh pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. 509(c)(5).
 Application Services Manager
Community Service Program
	Office Hours: M - F 8:30am - 4:30pm
  Coroner's Open Records Information 
Commissioners' Office
Law Enforcement Agencies
                                                        The Commissioners
Drug Task Force
MENTAL HEALTH SUPPORT:
		(A) The president judge of the court of common pleas of a judicial district shall exercise general supervison and administrative authority over magisterial district courts within the judicial district. 
Metal Township
Telecommunications Specialist
	679 Franklin Farm Lane
Greencastle
Slide
                                                        Human Services Administration
Hunting License
