Accounts Payable
Roads & Public Works
Parks & Recreation Commission
Crebilly Farm
	
Learn More
Taxes
Financial Consultant
Planning Commission
2023 Public Sewer Rates
Westtown, PA 19395
 Public Notices
Act 537 – September, 2012 
Appendices A-G
Trash & Recycling
 
Your Phone
Office Assistant (tax, trash/sewer bill questions)
Paula Fynes
Office Hours: M-F 8:00am to 4:30pm
Westtown Township Email Updates and Alerts
On Lot Sewage Management
Mark Gross
Assistant Township Manager
Oakbourne Park Athletic Area
West Chester, PA 19382
Township Staff
Board of Supervisors
Email Paula Fynes
Betty Anne O’Shea
 Closed for Improvements
 Meetings
General Inquiries
Act 537 Special Study – West Wynn I area
Staff Accountant (tax, trash/sewer bill questions)
---Road ConditionsStormwaterTrash & RecyclingWebsiteMiscellaneous
Oakbourne Playground 
Appendices H-L
Last Name 
Mailing Address
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Coffee grounds
		
		                          Planning Commission		                        
Friends of Oakbourne
			                          Remote Participation & Live Streaming of Board of Supervisors Meetings			                        
Cope Tract Open Space 
Westtown Township
Pipelines
Permits, Applications & Forms
DEP April 3 2013 Act 537  
Previous communication from DEP is provided below:
                  
 Events
Draft Act 537 Update – February, 2021
18MayMay
                    
Township Code
Parks Coordinator, IT & Website Coordinator,
2014 Chapter 94 Wasteload Management Report for the Westtown Chester Creek service area
Beth Kephart
Pam Coleman
		                          Parks & Recreation		                        

View Community Events
By mail to Westtown Township, PO. Box 79, Westtown, PA 19395
Public Works vehicles 
Environmental Advisory Council
Your Phone (required)
ACT 537 – DEP Response
Public Sewer Information
2013 West Wynn I Area – Act 537 Special Study
			                          FULL TIME EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY – PUBLIC WORKS SKILLED LABORER			                        
Fill out the form below to subscribe to the Township email listserv. You will receive Township meeting information, trash reminders, and other important Township communications. We do not share the email list with anyone. If you already receive listserv emails from the Township, then there is no need to complete this form.
Email Pam Coleman
Resident Resources
Contact
Please watch this informative video on how various materials break down after flushing:
 Home
                        Phone: (610) 692-1930
Online Bill Pay
Parks, Trails, & Open Space
Please complete the form below to report your concern. Someone will contact you soon. If you are reporting a concern about a road, please note that issues on state-owned and maintained roads in the Township (Routes 3, 352, 926, and 202, Westtown Road, Westbourne Road, S. Concord Road from Oakbourne to Westbourne, and Oakbourne Road from 202 to S. Concord) need to be reported to PennDOT Customer Care. Westtown Township has no jurisdiction on state roads. 
20May
Historical Commission
Sewer Information  |  Westtown Township
Bill Inquiries
Jonathan Altshul
Email Mark Gross
Township Manager, Treasurer, & Secretary
* indicates required
2016-07-13 West Wynn I Special Study Draft REDUCED
Report a Concern
 
Goshen Fire Company
Sewer Maintenance – Resident Responsibility
DEP Response to Act 537 Plan 2013-06-07
Email Sandi Preston
	                          Militia Monument Ceremony	                        
Director of Finance
The applicant should consult with a licensed professional for design and installation of the public sewer connection.  All engineering and construction costs associated with the actual tie in are the responsibility of the property owner.
2014 Chapt. 94 section 1 – WGSA
Your Message
On our website: Online Bill Pay
Sewer Information
Right to Know Officer
Act 537 September 2012 pages 1-66
Minutes Archives
Building Permit Coordinator,
The Township has no current plans to expand public sewer infrastructure. A tap in to the public sewer system is only possible where there is existing gravity infrastructure (see links to service area map below).  An individual sewer lateral cannot tie into a force main of any size.  Low pressure sewage systems (grinder pumps) are permitted within the Township if they connect to a gravity main. Tap in fees vary depending on the sewer district in which the property is located.  The fee is $2,929.76 for the WCC Treatment Plant and $3,164.14 for the West Goshen Sewer Authority.
Your Email (required)
Email Mila Carter
Fill out the form below to sign up for email updates and alerts. If you already receive listserv emails from the township, then there is no need to complete this form.
First West Chester Fire Company
610-431-3132
Map II-2 Soil Suitability
Westtown Township Board of Supervisors meetings are live-streamed on the Township’s YouTube channel. The Township will also allow remote meeting participation, including accepting public comment remotely via Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89939917814. More information can be found here. Video recordings shall not replace or supersede the meeting minutes as the official record of the meeting. Video recordings will be retained for six months.
Email JoAnne Grube
Map IV-2 Low Pressure Sewer System Alternative
More great news! On March 1, 2023, the Chester County Commissioners awarded $4,206,750 to Westtown Township for the acquisition of Crebilly Farm
Katherine Archibald
In person at the Township Building, 1039 Wilmington Pike, West Chester, PA 19382. The Township office is open M-F, 8 AM to 4:30 PM.
As part of the Township’s 537 plan, DEP required a Special Study of the West Wynn I area. The final draft of the Act 537 Plan Special Study submitted in September, 2013 and the Chester County Planning Commission review letter regarding the Special Study can be viewed by clicking on the links below.
Oakbourne Mansion
On-Lot Sewage Management Coordinator
Oakbourne Park Fountain 
The grant award will be made over four years, beginning in 2024. When combined with the $6 million awarded in late 2022 from the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, the Township has now received grant commitments of over $10.2 million to acquire the 206 acres of new open space. Westtown is extraordinarily grateful to the County Commissioners and staff for their generosity and commitment to open space preservation!
Bulletin Board
Appendix R
This position is responsible for maintenance and repair of roadways, trails, parks, right-of-ways, Township maintained properties, snow removal, storm and sanitary sewer.  The desired applicant must have a HS diploma or GED, basic knowledge of operations of a municipal Public Works Dept., and applicable construction, mechanical, and trade experience.  Valid PA driver’s license required, and CDL Class B driver’s license with air brake endorsement required within 6 months of hire.  Must have the physical ability necessary to perform Public Works related duties.  Physical and drug testing is required.  Starting salary DOE.  Excellent benefits package.  Submit a brief statement of interest and resume to pw@westtown.org.
Appendices
Map I-1 StudyArea
Email
Director of Public Works
                      Meetings
610-431-1580
Email Betty Anne O’Shea
Fame Fire Company
Appendices M-P
Map II-3 Age of Sewage Systems
610-692-5404
                        Fax: (610) 692-9651
A map of the public sewer service areas and areas served by on-lot sewage disposal systems is provided below:
Oakbourne Water tower 
Liudmila (Mila) Carter
I would like to receive alerts about: 
Roughly 50% of properties in the Township are served by two public wastewater treatment facilities – the West Goshen Sewer Authority (WGSA) Plant and the Westtown Chester Creek Sewage Treatment Plant (WCC).  The remaining properties have on-lot sewage treatment systems.  Please visit the On Lot Sewage Management page for information about septic systems.
	For active projects and detours visit: https://www.westtownpa.org/roads-public-works/ 
Community Garden 
Public Sewer Tap In
 Trash & Recycling
Fats, oils, and greases (FOGS)
Email Address  *
ASA Advisory Committee
Departments
P.O. Box 79
Stone Bridge 
WEGO Police
16MayMay
610-430-1554
Emergency: 911 
Cat litter
Trash & Recycling Coordinator
Good Fellowship Ambulance
The Pennsylvania Sewage Facilities Act (Act 537) was enacted to address existing sewage disposal problems and prevent future problems. The act requires proper planning of all types of sewage facilities and is largely administered by individual municipalities and county health departments, with oversight by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP).
Email Beth Kephart
A letter from DEP in response to our September, 2012 Act 537 submission and supplemental information submitted in December, 2012 and April, 2013 Act 537 was received by the Township on June 11, 2013.
17MayMay
MapII-4_WaterSystemR1
With any application for connection to the public sewer system, the Township requires a mandatory escrow of $2,500.00 to cover the costs associated with reviews and inspections by the Township Engineer and Building Code Officer. Any balance in excess of the initial escrow amount is the responsibility of the applicant and will be collected on or before the issuance of the final Certificate of Occupancy.
CCPC letter re West Wynn I Study
                    Bulletin Board
View Full Bulletin Board
Medicines (prescription and over the counter)
                      Community
Building, Zoning, & Codes
Maps
Email Katherine Archibald
Report
Zoning Hearing Board
News Flash • Chester County, PA • CivicEngage (chesco.org)
Email Updates and Alerts
May-20-2023
Non-Emergency: 610-692-5100
The International Plumbing Code governs from the building to the main in the street.  Normally, the owner of the public facility (Township) covers from the main to the right-of-way with the plumbing code ending at the right-of-way.
Map II-6 Sewage Needs
Stormwater Management
Westtown Gazette
Calendar
1039 Wilmington Pike
Category (required)
FAQ
Map IV-1 Alternative A.2 Area
Chapter 94 Report Map
  
29May
Elected Officials
Oakbourne Park Baseball Field 
Cigarettes
Boards and Commissions
Oakbourne Mansion 
Residents are responsible for backups or clogs from your home to the connection in the street.  The proliferation of disinfecting and sanitary wipes has caused many clogs, and present problems at sewage treatment facilities.  Despite being marketed as “flushable,” these wipes do NOT break down, and are not good for public sewage treatment plants OR on-lot septic systems.  Wipes, facial tissues, feminine hygiene products, Q-tips, and dental floss can clog your sewer pipes and should not be flushed.  Other items that should never be flushed include:
		                          ZHB – 811 E Sage Road		                        
Sitemap
Map II-5 Water Supply & Net Lot Area
Sandi Preston
May-29-2023
Director of Planning and Zoning,
View All Events
Email Jon Altshul
Sanitary Sewer Service Map
For questions regarding your public sewer bill, email Sandi Preston or call 610.692.1930.
Email Cindi King
Administrative: 610-692-9600
Residents on public sewer are billed quarterly.  The current quarterly rate is $205.  This bill is combined with the quarterly trash/recycling fee of $100. We offer the following methods to pay your quarterly sewer/trash bill:
The Township’s current Act 537 Plan, does not call for expansion of the public sewer system infrastructure within the Township.  Properties served by On-Lot Sewage Disposal Systems (septic systems) are monitored by the On-Lot Sewage Management Program (SMP).  For more information about the SMP, please go to the On-Lot Management Program page.
Westtown Township > Township Staff
Township Staff  |  Westtown Township
Westtown East Goshen Police (WEGO)
Pennsylvania Act 537
Finance
Parks and Recreation
Emergency Management
Your Name (required)
JoAnne Grube
Oakbourne Mansion stained glass window 
Map II-1 CCHD Records
Westtown Township > Sewer Information
	                          Office Closed	                        
		emergency information & services
View Meeting Events
Comprehensive Plan
			                          Chester County Commissioners award $4,206,750 to Westtown Township			                        
Get Email Alerts 
Your Concern
First Name 
Automatic deduction to your bank account (ACH Authorization Form)
Deputy Tax Collector
Cindi King
