Cherry Tree BoroughCherry Tree borough was originally known as Canoe Place and wasn't inhabited until 1822. Learn More.
Brush Valley TownshipLocated at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 56 and Pennsylvania Route 259. Learn More. 
Indiana County District Attorney
or (800) 442-8016 .
North Mahoning TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Director of Indiana County Veterans Affairs
A county comprehensive plan is a document that identifies community development objectives and policies to guide future growth and development patterns. It can assist local leaders in decision-making by creating a blueprint for land use patterns of tomorrow and charting the County’s path into the future.
Allen J. Lockard,
Armstrong TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
 
Patti Ross
General Links & Information  
Sheriff's Office 
Armagh BoroughLocated in East Wheatfield Township Route 22. Learn More.
Where We Live
Administrative Staff  
Real Estate Changes
 Veteran Providers Group
Firearm License Unit
Hours: Mon-Fri 8am-4pm
Glen Campbell BoroughThe first coal town in Indiana County — founded in 1889. Learn More.
Detective Bureau
Brad Shields
Plan for land use
Department Clerk - Audrey Donahey
Veterans Affairs Secretary:
Indiana, PA 15701
Fax: (724) 465-3991
What is a Comprehensive Plan?
Opening the application requires Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Tax Assessment
Phone: (724) 465-3970
Phone: (724) 465-3815
Fax: (724) 465.3937
For questions concerning Where We Live… A Comprehensive Plan for Indiana County, please contact the Indiana County Office of Planning & Development at (724) 465−3870.  Please visit the Indiana County Office of Planning & Development on Facebook.
General Links & Information
Office of Planning & Development 
Comprehensive Plans Document  
Statement of community development objectives;
(724) 349-4500 
Resources
Information Technology
Grant TownshipFormed when the eastern half of the original Mahoning Township was divided in 1868 and named after President Ulysses S. Grant. Learn More.
Indiana County Courthouse
East Wheatfield TownshipNamed for the large unforested areas naturally occurring there which were ideal for growing wheat. Learn More.
Veteran Affairs
Phone: (724) 465-3930
Gun Permit Information  
The MPC also requires county comprehensive plans to identify:
Hometown of Jimmy Stewart  
Mon-Fri, 9 am to 2 pm
Indiana County CEO  
mschmidt@indianacountypa.gov

Indiana, PA 15701-1705
Indiana County District Attorney's Office
Services
A plan for historic preservation
Creekside BoroughBorough in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More. 
byronjr@ceo.co.indiana.pa.us
Requests to implement or modify zoning
lrieger@indianacountypa.gov
Gun Permit Information
Legacy Project Application 
bshields@indianacountypa.gov
Statement that existing and proposed development is consistent with or can be buffered against that in contiguous municipalities
State law now provides that the Challenge form must be submitted to the PICS Challenge Unit within 30 days of the date the individual is denied. No personal information will be discussed by phone.
About Us
Hours: Mon-Fri 8am-4pm​
Angel Ashbaugh – Paralegal
NOTE: The person requesting the permit MUST bring the application in person.
Sign the form then bring it into the sheriff's office with your payment.
Land uses as they relate to important natural resources and utilization of existing minerals
Decisions about location of new infrastructure
dadetectives@indianacountypa.gov
Comprehensive Plan Information  
Challenges are not accepted from applicants who cancel their background check prior to completion of the transaction by Pennsylvania Instant Check System (PICS). Only those individuals who have been denied or undetermined by a representative of PICS may submit a challenge form.
Gun Permit Information | Sherriff's Office | Indiana County Pennsylvania
Legacy Project Information
All applicants are required to have a valid Pennsylvania Driver's License or Pennsylvania Photo Identification Card with a current address and must pay a fee of $20.00 (Personal Check, Money Order and/or Cash) is accepted at the time the application is submitted.
Indiana BoroughBorough in and the county seat of Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More. 
Second floor
Occupation Changes
Courthouse Access
Michael Schmidt
Property owners may freely review and comment on their parcel information using a control number and web password found on reassessment documents such as the July 1, 2015, property value statements. The Courthouse Online website is not operated by Indiana County.
Banks TownshipNamed after William Banks, a well-known Indiana attorney. Learn More.
Hours: Mon-Fri 8:30am-4pm
Licenses are issued to all those who qualify, based on a background investigation done by the Sheriffs Office through the Pennsylvania State Police Instant Check System (PICS). Once an application for license to carry is filed, the Sheriff has 45 days in which to do the investigation and notify the applicant. The license is valid for 5 years. The Sheriff has the ability to revoke the license at any time for misuse.
Homer CityThe history of Homer City dates back to the mid-1700s. Learn More.
Applications for the rent rebate and property tax rebate programs are available to those who meet the criteria. For more information contact:
Employment
Indiana County Phone Listing
Call 724.465.3930 to schedule an appointment. Appointments will be made between 9:00am - 2:00pm Monday thru Friday.  We are not able to accept walk-ins. 
Green TownshipFormed from Wheatfield Township around 1816 and was named for the great evergreen forests covering the area. Learn More.
Data Management Specialist - James S Giesey
Administrative Staff
 
Fill out the form completely.
Indiana County Chief Assessor
Linda Meckley
Washington TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Security & Safety  
Marie Moskel,
825 Philadelphia St.Indiana, Pa 15701 
Click on the link below.
Decisions about expansion of infrastructure
Black Lick TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Rebate Applications Information
New applicants must include name, address and phone number of two (2) references that are not family members. We request the references be Indiana County residents. If they are not available, please use persons with reputable character that are familiar with you and are able to answer questions about your personality and background.
Indiana County Communities - Indiana County Pennsylvania
Burrell TownshipFormed from Black Lick Township in 1853, named after Judge Burrell. Learn More.
Plan for movement of people and goods
The IT Department is responsible for computers and network systems, implementation, support, and management. The team provides support services to the Indiana County Court House and satellite facilities.
When / If an applicant is denied, they have a right to challenge by submitting a PICS Challenge Form SP4-197.
Frank E. Sisko Jr.​
Detective Bureau and Administrative Staff
Staff Photos
Office Manager
Data Management Specialist - Anthony Frazier
Hours: Mon-Fri 8:30am-4:30pm
District Attorney
or Aging Services
Buffington TownshipSplit from Pine Township in 1867 and was named after Judge Joseph Buffington. Learn More.
Sheriff: Robert E. Fyock
Where We Live will identify strategies for maintaining and enhancing our unique sense of place and our quality of life by establishing policies and land use guidelines to help local governments ensure the orderly development of land, encouraging development that balances growth with Indiana County’s rural character; and encouraging development that connects people with each other, with communities and with the countryside.  Where We Live will establish a framework for future growth, conservation, and preservation that strengthens our existing communities and responsibly stewards our natural, agricultural and cultural resources.
East Mahoning TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Rayne TownshipNamed in honor of Robert Rayne, an early settler on Rayne Run.
The Department of Revenue
Home
                 
Decisions about major public investments
Indiana, PA 15701-3973
ARD/Fast Track
Fax: (724)-465-3150
Blairsville BoroughFounded in 1818 at the junction of the Northern Turnpike and the Conemaugh River. Learn More.
Privacy Notice  • Sitemap
Tax Collectors
Plan for the reliable supply of water
DA Robert F. Manzi, Jr.  
Where We Live is being developed in accordance with the requirements of the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code (MPC), which states that all comprehensive plans must include the following components:
Victim Services  
			Search		
Print the application.
Ernest BoroughOriginally a small coal-mining town built by R&P Coal Company. Learn More.
Young TownshipNamed after John Young, the first president judge of Indiana county. Learn More. 
Smicksburg BoroughStep back into time as you travel to Northern Indiana County, home of a large Amish population which has grown to over 800 settlers since 1961. Learn More.
Contact Indiana Courthouse
Click to view, download or print a list of all current Indiana County borough and township secretaries. The list includes the secretary's name, office address, telephone and fax numbers for each taxing district (borough or township) in the county.
Indiana County Veteran’s Affairs Page on the County Website
Reassessment Resources Archive  
Adopted comprehensive plans provide a context for important future decisions.  Among the kinds of decisions that a comprehensive plan helps to guide are:
Veterans Affairs Secretary
West Mahoning TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Gun Permit Application
Documents, Forms, and Agendas
Linda Meckley,
Indiana County Communities
Statement of interrelationships among various plan elements
Montgomery TownshipNamed in honor of John Montgomery, an early settler of Conemaugh Township and a noted Revolutionary War veteran who owned a large tract of land in present Montgomery County. Learn More.
801 Water Street
Chief County Detective
Township and Borough Secretaries
About Us  
Countywide property information is available by subscription for commercial and professional users. This third-party service includes extended assessment information, images, and advanced search options, and provides subscription rates. The Courthouse Online website is not operated by Indiana County.
Plan for community facilities and utilities
Departments
The Sheriff also licenses all firearms dealers in Indiana County. For more information on firearms licensing and safety please call our office at 724.465.3930
Events
825 Philadelphia Street
Documents & Forms
FAQs
​Indiana County Tax Assessment Office 
Skip to content
Clerk
Conemaugh TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Contact Us - Indiana County Pennsylvania
ICOPD  
Current and proposed land uses which have regional impact and significance
Visit the Courthouse
Phone: (724) 465-3812
Phone: (724) 465-3835
or (724) 465-3813
The Christmas Tree Capital of the World  
General Information | Tax Assessment | Indiana County Pennsylvania
View individual My Property information
Pennsylvania law requires the Sheriff of Indiana County to process all applications by county residents for a license to carry firearms.
Short- and long-range implementation strategies
Chief Deputy: Loretta J. Lentz
Comprehensive Plan Information
Pine TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
Plumville BoroughOriginally named for the presence of wild plum trees. Learn More.
Fax: (724) 465-3187
724.465.3800Phone 
Mon-Fri 8am-4pmHours 
VPG Facebook
Copyright © 2017-2023, All Rights ReservedDesign by:
Third floor
Plan for the protection of natural and historic resources
pross@indianacountypa.gov
​Director: Eric Leonard​​
Detective
Assessment and Appeal Process  
Forms & Documents  
Prescription Drug Take Back  
Veteran Affairs Office
Contact Info
Closed Holidays
Director of Indiana County Veterans Affairs: Allen J. Lockard
  
Generic filters
West Wheatfield TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
A Comprehensive Plan for Indiana County, Pennsylvania is the name of the new Comprehensive Plan that will replace the outdated Indiana County Comprehensive Plan from the 1960s. Unlike an ordinance, Where We Live has no regulatory authority.  It will, however, be an official policy document for the County.
Phone: 724.465.3800  
Tax Claim Office  
Staff Photos  
Plan to meet housing needs
Saltsburg BoroughSaltsburg was founded by Andrew Boggs in 1816. Learn More.
Shelocta BoroughShelocta Borough was formerly Sharp's Mills in 1822. Learn More.
Detective Bureau Email
The Assessment Office has available for public inspection or purchase: property record cards, various assessment listings, and countywide tax maps.
(412) 565-7540
Marion Center BoroughIn September 1841, John Park, the landowner of "Marion," laid out the Village of "Marion." Learn More.
825 Philadelphia St.
Center TownshipNamed for its position within the county. Learn More.
Phone: (724)-465-3870 
Contact Us
Search County Property Information
External Links
Cherryhill TownshipNamed for Cherry Hill Manor which was surveyed to the Penns. Learn More.
South Mahoning TownshipTownship in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Learn More.
A plan for preservation of prime agricultural land that encourages compatibility of land use regulations with agricultural operations
 Executive Director:  Byron G. Stauffer, Jr.
Community Based Programs  
Gun Laws vary by state. Go to the National Rifle Association to check the gun laws where you live.
Canoe TownshipNamed after Canoe Creek, which was so-called because its mouth on Mahoning Creek was traditionally the head of canoe navigation. Learn More.
Bad Check Program  
Lexi Rieger
Misty Hollis – Legal Assistant
Photos & Supportive Links  
The Christmas Tree Capital of the World 
Comprehensive Plan Information - Indiana County Pennsylvania
Information Technology - Indiana County Pennsylvania
Administrative Staff - Indiana County Pennsylvania
Staff Photos | Veteran Affairs | Indiana County Pennsylvania
Indiana County Courthouse2nd Floor825 Philadelphia Street Indiana, PA 15701​
Planning & Development
Visit Indiana
Data Management Specialist - Haiden Pierce
        Exact matches only    
HomeDepartments Departments Overview Departments A-C Auditors Children & Youth Programs & Services Foster Parent Program Reporting Child Abuse Mandated Reporters Types of Abuse How to Report Child Abuse Obtaining Clearances Child Service Links Commissioners Meet Your Commissioners Meetings & More Meeting Document Archives Business & Finance Courts Forms & Documents FAQs Coroner’s Office Departments D-O District Attorney Indiana District Attorney Victim Services Community Based Programs Bad Check Program Administrative Staff Domestic Relations Emergency Management (9-1-1 EMA) Human Services Indiana County Jail Inmate Rights & Responsibilities Information Technology Jimmy Stewart Airport Departments P-R Parks & Trails Planning & Development Comprehensive Plan Information Probation Office Prothonotary & Clerk of Courts How Do I Public Defender Register of Wills & Recorder of Deeds & Clerk of Orphans Court Forms & Documents FAQs Departments S-V Sheriff’s Office About Us Security & Safety Victim Services Gun Permit Information Tax Assessment Assessment & Appeal Process Reassessment Resources Archive General Links & Information Forms & Documents Tax Claim Treasurer’s Office Small Games of Chance Bingo Dog License Sportsman Pistol Permit Boat Transfers Veteran Affairs Staff Photos Photos & Supportive Links Voting & Elections Voting Elections Voting MachinesServicesVisit the CourthouseAbout UsContact UsFAQsVisit Indiana
White TownshipA growing municipality located in the heart of Indiana County, PA. Learn More.
Clymer BoroughThe town was founded in 1905 and named in honor of George Clymer. Learn More.
Sheriff's Office
Hours:Mon-Fri 8 am-4 pm 
