Open Menu
    
      
Close Menu
First Name
Get in touch.Inquiries to the township may be made through the following form:Ringgold Township2253 Ringgold Timblin RoadRinggold, PA 15770
        About
 
Address 1
###
Welcome to Ringgold Township-Jefferson County, Pennsylvania Ringgold Township is located in southwestern Jefferson County.  Geographically, it is about 10 miles west of Punxsutawney, 10 miles East of New Bethlehem and 10 miles south of Brookville.  It is comprised of several rural communities and 20 square miles of trees, fields, rolling hills, creeks and lakes.  The community of Ringgold is in the center of the township and serves as the home for the township's primary office.  The communities of North Freedom and Dora as well as the boroughs of Timblin and Worthville are either in or adjoining the township.  State Route 536 is the primary thoroughfare crossing the township from State Route 36 in the east to State Route 28 in the west. The earliest residents of the Ringgold Township area first settled there in 1818.  The township was incorporated in 1848 from land that was originally part of Porter Township. Today, the population of the township varies around 750 residents.  Several of the local employers include, J.R. Resources,  Kullagruppen USA Greenhouse and Brocious Lumber.  There are several churches in the township including, Ringgold United Methodist, and North Freedom United Methodist and a growing Amish community.The Ringgold Township board of supervisors are the governmental representatives of the community and are primarily responsible for township road maintenance, township emergency services, cable TV franchise, voting/elections, tax collection, and interactions with the local county government.
Country
              Email
        Township Officials
Zip/Postal Code
              
Copyright 2023: Ringgold Township, Jefferson County, 2253 Ringgold Timblin Road, Ringgold, PA 15770
Thank you!  We will be in touch with you, generally within 48 hours.
              Message
Last Name
        Contact
        History & Maps
Contact 1 — Ringgold Township, Jefferson County
0
####
              Address
State/Province
(###)
Address 2
Ringgold Township, Jefferson County
                *

      Skip to Content
              Name
City
              Phone
        Meetings & Activities
