Newsletters
	
Arrow Left
What is covered by the new Uniform Construction Code?
 Exclusions
Slideshow Right Arrow
Government Websites by CivicPlus®
Rapho Twp. Stormwater Ordinance Appendix Adopted 5/1/2014
 
Zoning Hearing Board 
During the construction process, you or your builder will notify the inspector to check on construction at certain times during the process. Plan review and inspection company fees must be paid when your building permit is issued. When the project is finished, the inspection company must do a final inspection and then notify the township that the job is complete and approved.  The Township Building Code Official will then issue the Certificate of Occupancy.
Accessibility
Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   
Does Rapho have a Buildng Code
Agendas & Minutes
Last Name:
Public Works
Tax Collector717-665-3924
View All
Categories
Skip to Main Content
RAPHO TOWNSHIP ZONING ORDINANCE AMENDED THROUGH 12-19-2019
Some uses may not be granted by Special Exception by the Zoning Hearing Board, but may instead be approved as a Conditional Use. Conditional Use approval is given by the Board of Supervisors through a hearing process.
Rapho Township
Calendar of Events
Twitter
InvoiceCloud Pay Now - Trash Bill

If you are planning a new project or if you have any questions about the Uniform Construction Code, call the township office to speak with our Zoning Officer for guidance as to whether you are required to obtain either a building permit, a zoning permit or do not need any permit.
Special Event and Sales Permit Application 
Manheim Borough Police Department
Arrow Right
Tax Collector
Mastersonville Fire Company
    
SWIMMING POOL REGULATIONS
Public Works 
8:00 am - 3:30 pm
Search the Directory
Building / Zoning Permits / Code Information 
Invoice Cloud - Trash Bill Pay Now
Thu, May 18  
HomeGovernmentTownship Office & DepartmentsBuilding/Zoning Code Enforcement
How does the code affect the building process?
Mon, May 29  
MUNICIPAL PRIMARY
Business Hours:
Do Not Show Again
Loading
SPOTLIGHT HEADLINETRASH AND RECYCLING INFORMATIONLCSWMA INFORMATIONClick on the link below to viewthe updated Residents GuideResidents GuideSEPTIC INFORMATION2023 SEPTIC SCHEDULE  District 3 (Union Square) Septic Systems must bepumped/inspected by December 31, 2023Don't forget to schedule your septic system pumping/inspection before the ground freezes.Many residents have called the office to inquire about the operating procedures at LCSWMA. Below is important information concerning their procedures at this time, as well as a very informative flier. LCSWMA’s COVID Changes/Reminders Effective Monday, April 20, all visitors and customers are required to wear a mask when visiting LCSWMA facilities. Those without a mask will be turned away. All LCSWMA facilities are closed on Saturdays until further notice. Our Main Office remains closed to visitors, but please call 717-397-9968 between the hours of 9 a.m. – 4 p.m., Monday through Friday to speak to a LCSWMA representative. LCSWMA no longer accepts cash or checks at our facilities. Please pay using a credit card or prepaid card.https://www.raphotownship.com/DocumentCenter/View/1045/COVID-19-Residential-Waste-Flier-2 Many residents have called the office to inquire about the operating procedures at LCSWMA. Below is important information concerning their procedures at this time, as well as a very informative flier. LCSWMA’s COVID Changes/Reminders Effective Monday, April 20, all visitors and customers are required to wear a mask when visiting LCSWMA facilities. Those without a mask will be turned away. All LCSWMA facilities are closed on Saturdays until further notice. Our Main Office remains closed to visitors, but please call 717-397-9968 between the hours of 9 a.m. – 4 p.m., Monday through Friday to speak to a LCSWMA representative. LCSWMA no longer accepts cash or checks at our facilities. Please pay using a credit card or prepaid card.https://www.raphotownship.com/DocumentCenter/View/1045/COVID-19-Residential-Waste-Flier-2 
Manheim Borough Authority
Printer Friendly
 
Staff Directory    Board of Auditors    Board of Supervisors    Building & Zoning Code Enforcement     Office Staff    Public Works    Planning Commission    Tax Collector    Trash & Recycling     Zoning Hearing Board 
STORMWATER MANAGEMENT SITE PLAN MAJOR/MINOR
Website Sign In
Uniform Construction Code
Office Staff717-665-3827
BUILDING PERMIT APPLICATION - REVISED 6-28-2022
Stormwater 
RAPHO TOWNSHIP ZONING MAP - AMENDED THROUGH 09-19-2019
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS MEETING
Building / Zoning Code Enforcement 		
		Enter search terms to display a list of entries in the Staff Directory.
Notifications
HOMEOWNERS GUIDE TO BMP STORMWATER MAINTENANCE
Permits are required for any regulated activities defined in the ordinance, including, but not limited to, removal of ground cover, grading, filling, excavation, construction of new or additional impervious or semi-impervious surfaces, construction of new buildings, or additions to existing buildings.  The ordinance includes an exemption from the management criteria for projects which create 1,000 square feet or less of new impervious surface, but an applicant is required to complete an application to be eligible for such an exemption.  The exemption is cumulative per property.
What are the fence regulations between me and my neighbor?
Fx: 717-665-7685
Manheim, PA 17545
   
Board of Supervisors 
	971 N. Colebrook Road
		JavaScript is required, and must be turned on, for a listing to appear on this Directory entry page. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
The Uniform Construction Code references a standardized set of codes and appendices that are known as the International Construction Code. This is further broken down into a building code, residential code, mechanical code, plumbing code, electrical code, fuel gas code, fire code, energy conservation code, existing building code and urban-wildland-interface code.
Building / Zoning Code Enforcement  | Rapho Township, PA - Official Website
GovernmentResidentsVisitorsBusinessHow Do I?
PENN WASTE SPECIAL COLLECTIONS DAY
InvoiceCloud:Pay Now - Trash Billing
Zoning Permit 
Staff Directory • Rapho Township, PA • CivicEngage
LinkedIn
Building Permit Applications
Using this Site
/QuickLinks.aspx
Home
RSS
Quick Links
Residential projects which add between 1,000 and 5,000 square feet of new impervious surface are eligible to use the Small Project design criteria, which requires managing the volume of increased runoff, but allows the use of standard management facilities such as an infiltration trench, rain garden, rain water cistern, or stormwater swale (8 feet wide with check dam and a six inch ponding depth).  Residential projects which add more than 5,000 square feet of impervious surface must complete a fully-engineered stormwater site plan.
Translate Page
My Account
ANY BUILDING, EXCAVATION AND/OR EARTH DISTURBANCE REQUIRES A BUILDING, ZONING AND/OR STORMWATER PERMIT. FOR QUESTIONS, PLEASE CONTACT THE TOWNSHIP OFFICE.
*The township residential building permit fee is $25 plus $3 per $1,000 cost of construction plus a fee of $4.50 per permit, used to fund state inspector training programs, and $50.00 for the Certificate of Use and Occupancy fee.  Commercial building permit fee is $25 plus $3 per $1,000 cost of construction plus a fee of $4.50 per permit, used to fund state inspector training programs, and a $75 Certificate of Use and Occupancy fee. All permit fees will be calculated by the Building Code Official. We will NOT accept payments until permits are ready for pick up.
Amendment to Storm Water Management Ordinance - Ordinance No. 2016-2
CONDITIONAL USE
Code of Ordinances
Live Edit
Trash / Recycling Collection 
Blogger
Departments
THIRD PARTY INSPECTION COMPANIES REVISED 6-28-2022
RECORDED STORMWATER EXEMPTION APPLICATION
Facebook
What are the rules for parking recreational vehicles in certain developments?
Agricultural, Commercial, and/or Industrial projects less than 1,000 square feet of new impervious area are eligible for a Recorded Storm Water Exemption (application and details of earth disturbance activity are required).   Please refer to the table as amended in Rapho Township Ordinance No. 2016-2 for detailed information.    
FAQs
            
Pinterest
DEMOLITION PERMIT APPLICATION
Ph: 717-665-3827
Uniform Construction Code Information
Sat, May 27  
Under the new regulations, you will need to get a Building Permit application from the township. You will then be required to select an inspection company from a list of township approved companies. If your project is required to submit plans, (such as a new house or an addition), these plans will have to be approved by the inspection company prior to issuance of a Building Permit by the township. 
		Staff Directory
EXCAVATION PERMIT APPLICATION
OFFICE CLOSED - MEMORIAL DAY
First Name:
				
Rapho Township still requires a zoning permit be issued by the township for structures that do not fall under the new building code. Construction of or changes to agricultural buildings need a zoning permit. Sheds, detached garages less than 1,000 square feet, decks less than 30 inches above ground, and retaining walls higher than 4 feet, and patios require a zoning permit. Fences (other than agricultural pasture fencing) also require a zoning permit.
Email Page
Tue, May 16  
Trash & Recycling 717-665-3827 
/Calendar.aspx
Fire Department Mount Joy
Voting Districts
  
http://raphotownship.com/directory.aspx?DID=
Search
Monday - Friday
Thu, Jun 1  
Please see our Stormwater Ordinance on the provided on the Quick Link
RaphoTwp. Stormwater Ordinance Adopted 5/1/2014
Please refer to the Rapho Township Zoning Ordinance, Article 3 – Base Zones.  Information may be found in the Tables located within this section with regard to possible uses of property located within the various zoning districts of Rapho Township.  The letters "CU" denote Conditional Use approval, which may be given by the Board of Supervisors only.
Site Map
Documents
Building & Zoning Code Enforcement 717-665-3827
                Loading
Copyright
For further information contact Manager, Randall O. Wenger at 717-665-3827.
  
*The fee for a residential zoning permit is $25 plus $3 per $1,000 cost of construction.  The fee for an agricultural zoning permit is $25 plus $2 per $1,000 cost of construction.  Please note that all permit fees are rounded up to the next $1,000.
Is there anything I need to do before Digging in my yard?
/FAQ.aspx
Manheim Fire Company
The Pennsylvania Uniform Construction Code (UCC) is in effect in Rapho Township.  The Uniform Construction Code is administered by Sam Meckley, Building Code Official.
Homeowner's Guide to the PA Uniform Construction Code
Category:
Contact Us
Helpful Links
Board of Auditors 
Planning Commission 
HomeStaff Directory
The Rapho Township Board of Supervisors adopted a new Stormwater Management Ordinance on May 1, 2014 to implement the Lancaster County Stormwater Management Plan and meet the requirements of Act 167 of 1978.  The new ordinance is designed to manage stormwater runoff to minimize flooding and improve water quality.  
How will the code change the Rapho Township process? 
Does Rapho have a noise ordinance?
Telephone				
There are limited instances where there are exclusions from following the UCC. Agricultural buildings are excluded; historic buildings have certain exclusions, repairs or alterations that do not have any structural changes are excluded.  However, a "Change of Use" or "Change of Occupancy" for any building must meet safety and other designated criteria in order for the building to be approved for the new intended use or change of occupancy.  Please contact Drew Keller at (717) 665-3827 for more information before proceeding.
Delicious
Slideshow Left Arrow
ZONING PERMIT APPLICATION
Close
Mount Joy Borough Authority
Zoning / Code Enforcement 
[]
Also excluded are fences that are not more than 6 feet high, retaining walls less than 4 feet high, exterior or interior painting, papering, carpeting, flooring etc. Replacement of existing roof material, replacement of existing siding, interior insulation, replacement of rain gutters, installation of an uncovered deck no more than 30 inches above grade are all additional areas of exclusion.
Rapho Township, PA - Official Website | Official Website
