Township Meeting Room, Reinholds Pa
Water / Sewer payment
May 24 Wed
We urge those attending to bring lawn chairs for seating at the Memorial.
West Cocalico, PA
Stormwater Lesson For Kids
Newsletter
 
Pastor Lyle from Wiest Church will offer opening and closing prayers.
Freddy the Fish teaches kids about what happens to rain after it hits the ground, where storm drains lead to, and what we can do to help prevent water pollution.
Office hours: 
May 16 Tue
Snow Removal
News
May 15:
717-336-8720
Select Page
Zoning ordinances & codification
Common resources

Zoning Ordinances & Codification
Draft Agenda - 5/16/23
West Cocalico Act 44 2022 Approved and Signed
Plumbers who provide service in West Cocalico Township
Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar
Zoning Map
About Us
May152023 Draft Agenda - 5/16/23 
Avian Flu Quarantine
Quick linksOnline Payment
Macey Webber (daughter of Schoeneck native, Andrea Wealand Webber and Nate Webber, Denver, PA native) will sing the Star Spangled Banner.
More news
In short, West Cocalico Township is one of the safest towns in the United States according to the FBI. The ranking is determined by using FBI crime statistic data. The FBI data was used to calculate the ranking metric: the number of violent crimes per 1,000 residents.
See all events

 
May102023 Authority Minutes 4/11/23 
Jun 1 Thu
West Cocalico | TOWNSHIP
This year our program highlights two long-standing members of the SVMA…..Robert Eberly and Clair Bard. Both men served in Vietnam, returned to the Schoeneck area, and continue to serve their community and SVMA as active members. Told in their own words, you will find their stories compelling and thought provoking. At the conclusion of the program, a free luncheon will be served at the Schoeneck Fire Company pavilion.
Ordinances
Additional information:
The sewer will be extended along Route 897 from 425 to 830 W Route 897, to 85 to 165 S Blainsport Road, to 45 to 105 N Windy Mansion Road, to 35 to 75 Rose Drive, to 80 to 140 Blue Lake Road, to 5 to 14 Swamp Church Road, to 105 to 390 Galen Hall Road, to 100 to 285 Resh Road
Financial Assistance is available to help with costs associated with connecting to the sewer:
Building Permits
Right to Know
Inclement weather…parade will be cancelled. The Memorial ceremony and luncheon will be held indoors at Mellinger’s Lutheran Church beginning at 10:00 AM
The community
Watch video
The Heidelberg Band will provide patriotic music during the parade and at the ceremony.
May 10:
Copyright © 2022 West Cocalico Township. All Rights reserved.  
Latest
Everyone who will be required to connect have received letters from the Authority letting them know about the new sewer plant, about the cost of tapping fees, about financial assistance that is available to help them pay the tapping fees and that they will be required to connect already.
Sewage Systems
The fee is only for new connections.
Government
MEMORIAL DAY PARADE
The Schoeneck Veterans Memorial Association will host its annual Memorial Day event on Monday May 29, 2023. The day begins at 8:15 AM when parade participants begin lining up at the Schoeneck Fire Hall parking lot.  Parade step off is at 9:00 AM sharp with parade participants following a route throughout Schoeneck streets, and ending at the Veterans Memorial (Schoeneck Park entrance on West Queen Street).
Event
Board of Supervisors Meeting
Contact us
SEWER PLANT INFORMATION
If you are already connected to the sewer, you do not need to pay the tapping fee.
@WestCocalicoTownship
THE SVMA INVITES ALL TO ATTEND OUR PATRIOTIC AND COMMUNITY-WIDE EVENT AS WE HONOR PAST AND PRESENT SERVICE MEN AND WOMEN.
The PA Dept of Agriculture recently put together a summary regarding the Avian Flu in Quarantine Areas.  
Date/Time
7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
read more
West Cocalico Township is in the quarantine area. 
Events
Supervisors Meeting Minutes
Meeting Minutes
REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS DOCUMENT WEST COCALICO WATER AUTHORITY
Agenda  & Minutes
Water Sewer payment
SPOTLIGHT
Publications and Forms
Drinking Water Quality Report
Stormwater Management
Zoning
2.  PHFA – https://www.phfa.org/programs/repairs.aspx
Authority
Serving & Supporting
FAQ
Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
  
Online  payment
Authority Minutes 4/11/23
Park Board Meeting
West Cocalico Township ranked #70 in the SAFEWISE Top 100 Safest Small Towns in the United States Report.
Helpful Links
Monetary prizes will be awarded to parade participants in a variety of categories.
We are receiving quite a few questions in regards to the new sewer plant.
1.  USDA Rural Development – https://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-housing-programs/single-family-housing-repair-loans-grants
Boards & Commissions
Quarantine Area Summary
WELCOME TO WEST COCALICO
UPCOMING
