              Bureau of Accounting            
              Public Right-of-Way Division            
Designed and Developed by Quantum Dynamix in Lancaster, PA.
Department of Public Works
jnixon@cityoflancasterpa.gov
1st Installment due 3-15-2023
NeighborhoodsServices
Office hours
                              Pay Parking Ticket                      		
          Property Reinvestment Board     		
Monday – Friday
8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
            When washing down a sink or drain, FOG builds up over time and can cause a blockage in your drains, pipes and in sanitary sewers. Learn more about FOG, the issues it can cause and how to prevent it.          
              Bureau of Information Technology            
Whether it is a request to use a park or a permit to expand your business, finding what you need has never been easier.
What We Do
2023 Tax Deadlines
(717) 291-4722
In the City of Lancaster, owners of real estate pay a property tax to the County, the City, and the School District. Each of these three taxing bodies has a different tax rate that is set by their respective elected officials. The County Commissioners set the tax rate for property taxes you pay to the County; the Mayor and City Council set the tax rate you pay to the City; and the School Board sets the rate for property taxes paid to the school district in which you live (School District of Lancaster, Conestoga Valley, or Lampeter-Strasburg).
														Fire													
The Bureau of Property Maintenance and Housing Inspections is responsible for ensuring safe and quality housing stock through the administration of the City of Lancaster’s Property Maintenance and Rental Property Ordinances.
              Bureau of Lead Safety & Community Development            
Select LanguageEnglishالعربية简体中文NederlandsFrançaisDeutschKreyol ayisyenहिन्दीItaliano日本語كوردی‎Latviešu valodaဗမာစာनेपालीفارسیPortuguêsРусскийAfsoomaaliEspañolKiswahiliతెలుగుไทยاردوTiếng Việtיידיש
New Year’s Day
              Bureau of Streets, Traffic, Fleet            
See below for more information about City of Lancaster property taxes and fees.
                              On-Street Handicapped Parking Spaces                      		
 
Garages and lots are managed by the Lancaster Parking Authority. Metered parking, street cleaning and residential permit parking is enforced by the Lancaster Parking Authority. Parking tickets are paid through the Lancaster Parking Authority.
To determine what sector a property is in, go to BuildingBlocks. Accept the disclaimer. Begin to type the address into the search bar at the top. Select the desired property from the drop down menu. Scroll down to the gray rows, and select Code Inspector Zones.
(717) 735-3425
Bureau Chief 
Shade Tree Commission Meeting
(717) 291-4779
Featured Events
Land Bank Authority Meeting
We conduct complaint based inspections when notified through the Housing Hotline at (717) 291-4706 or email pmhi@cityoflancasterpa.gov to report property maintenance violations.
View Closures
Thanksgiving & the day after
Trash and recycling collection, Recycling Drop Off Center, and more.
City Hall – Mayor’s Conference Room
Vicki Hainsey
Business Registration Form
Go to Engage Lancaster
Sign up for City of Lancaster email alerts
Receive updates from the City of Lancaster to your email about service interruptions, delays, events and more.
Formulario de Registro para Empresas en la Ciudad de Lancaster- En Español
Maps
Get Started Now
            The City of Lancaster’s Municipal Operations Climate Action Plan affirms a renewed commitment to the future of Lancaster City.          
Payments not postmarked by the due date will no be accepted. If payment is not received on or before December 31, 2023 the account will be turned over to the Lancaster Tax Claim Office for collection.                    
During a Snow Emergency, the City will advise the public through local media, the City website and social media outlets, Everbridge Alerts, text message alerts and email.
If there is a fire hydrant or storm drain adjacent to your property, please clear it.
Climate Action Plan
			X			
View More Documents & Resources
                              Metered Parking Info                      		
View the City Directory
(717) 291-4706
Copyright © 2023 City of Lancaster, PA. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
PHONE
2023
City Hall Hours
Search for:
														Forms, Permits & Documents													
2023 Millage Rates
Quality & Affordable Housing
For violations related to grass and weeds, trash, or snow removal, please contact the SWEEPS hotline at (717) 291-4744 or email SWHotline@cityoflancasterpa.gov
Information about City of Lancaster property taxes and fees.
If you have an issue with a property that has not cleared snow or ice within the allotted time frame, you can report the address to Housing at (717) 291-4706 or housing@cityoflancasterpa.gov.
Eligible Pennsylvanians can sign up to have Property Tax Rebate/Rent Rebate forms mailed to them or may sign up online at www.state.pa.us, or call toll-free (888) 222-9190.
Lancaster, PA 17602
Sign Up
James  Nixon
Don’t I pay a tax for working in the City?
Fats, Oils & Grease
zburgos@cityoflancasterpa.gov
              Bureau of Fire            
Get Directions
              Equity Commitments            
Fire Safety
                              Residential Permit Parking                      		
Snow Emergency Routes
ADDRESS
Lancaster, PA 17608
OFFICE HOURS
PARKING
Good Friday
3rd Installment due 9-13-2023
Trash Pickup
Phone NumberStreet Address City Zip Code How Can We Help You?*How Can We Help You?*General InquiryBilling/Customer ServiceReport a PotholeWater Meter UpgradeHousingTrash & RecyclingWater/SewerPermitsReport GraffitiParkingTreesMessage*CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
            Sector Inspectors Contact Information           
                    8:30 pm                                  
              Bureau of Solid Waste & Recycling            
Home Rule
											
          Board of Housing, Appeals and Revisions     		
customerservice@cityoflancasterpa.gov
Mayor's Office
Sign up for text alerts. Text LANCASTER to 57838 to receive text messages directly to your phone.*
														Services													
                  5:15 pm                                      to
Employee Login
120 N. Duke St.
City of Lancaster Commitments to Racial Equity
Learn more about home rule.
Office Hours
(717) 291-4752
Election Day
Click to search
City Offices
39 W. Chestnut St.
                    5:30 pm                                  
Property tax rates are calculated in mills and are based on millage rates set by the County Commissioners, Lancaster City Council, and the School Board of the School District of Lancaster. A mill is equal to $1 in taxation for every $1,000 of assessed value of your property.
Are there any tax or rent rebate programs that I should know about?
120 North Duke St.
              Bureau of Property Maintenance & Housing Inspections            
Base due 06-14-2023
– Lancaster County – 2.911 mills
              Bureau of Human Resources            
City Council
Bureau of Property Maintenance & Housing Inspections
Associated Boards, Commissions & Authorities
Parking
P.O. Box 1599
The City of Lancaster provides snow removal on public streets during winter weather events. During light snow, cars can remain parked on the street. Typically, when there is a strong forecast for 8 or more inches of snow, the City will declare a Snow Emergency. Declaration of a Snow Emergency allows the Department of Public Works and the Police Bureau to restore reasonable flow of traffic in the City as quickly and effectively as possible. Whenever possible, streets will be plowed curb to curb.
Public records and Right-to-Know requests.
              Bureau of Planning            
														Trash & Recycling													
mszurok@cityoflancasterpa.gov
Does the City tax my income?
Yes. An Earned Income Tax (EIT) is levied on your income. The rate levied on City residents is 1.1 percent. Of this amount, 0.6 percent is paid to the City and 0.5 percent is paid to the school district in which you live (School District of Lancaster, Lampeter-Strasburg or Conestoga Valley). Your employer typically collects earned Income Taxes through a payroll deduction. Any questions regarding EIT collection, refunds, tax return filing, etc. should be directed to the Lancaster County Tax Collection Bureau 717-569-4521, or you can visit their website at www.lctcb.org.
120 North Duke Street
Submit a Property Maintenance Issue to Fix It!
Taxes & Fees FAQ
CRIZLocal Economic Revitalization Tax Assistance (LERTA)Tax Increment Financing (TIF) ProgramRedevelopment Opportunities 
            Who We Are          
                        The City of Lancaster is committed to using all of the tools we have to create as many affordable housing units as possible. The availability of affordable housing is a key issue for our residents and neighbors in Lancaster County. The Sorace Administration continues to advocate for increased federal and state funds toward creating affordable housing units in Lancaster City and County. Recently, City Council approved a historic $5 million commitment to affordable housing.                    
STREET CLEANING
Property owners are required to clear their sidewalks and the openings to any crosswalks of snow and ice within five hours of the end of the snow. If the snow ends overnight, the property owner has until 10 a.m.
Public Records
								City of Lancaster
Learn more
Designación del agente responsable – En Español
**Usted puede recibir hasta 4 mensajes por semana. Pueden aplicarse tarifas de mensajes y datos al enviar y recibir mensajes de texto. Mensajes enviados desde un sistema automatizado. No se requiere consentimiento para comprar bienes y servicios. Envía STOP al 57838 para cancelar la suscripción. Envía HELP al 57838 para obtener ayuda o llame al 800-211-2001. Para ver nuestros términos y condiciones y política de privacidad, visite www.sentextsolutions.com/privacypolicy.
                  4:30 pm                                      to
(717) 291-4781
The Bureau is committed to working with residents, tenants, property owners, landlords, and community organizations to educate the public on maintaining their properties.
Appeal Request for Property Violation Notice
The Bureau of Property Maintenance & Housing Inspections will inspect approximately 12,000 rental properties built prior to 1978 over a four-year cycle for possible lead hazards during the systematic inspection process to minimize lead hazards within the city’s housing stock.
Christmas & the day after (Observed Monday, December 26, 2022 and Tuesday, December 27, 2022)
Declaración de vivienda no alquilada – En Español
Taxes & Fees
Mayor’s Neighborhood Month Returns to Lancaster City in May
housing@cityoflancasterpa.gov
Local Control for Open Carry
Lead Safety
Department of Administrative Services
              Bureau of Building Code Administration            
Housing  Hotline
Contact Info
              Construction & Operations Division            
                        Installment Payers
The Bureau of Information Technology provides technology support to all City operations; develops and maintains custom software programs; and supports and administers the City’s Munis ERP software.
See Opportunities
In The Spotlight
Sat-Sun: Closed
Housing Clerk 
BuildingBlocks is a web-based mapping software that warehouses data into one easy-to-use application. We are excited to share this with the public and hope it will help you answer your questions and provide a new way of looking at the city.
First Name* Last Name* Email*
Pursuant to City Ordinance Chapter 238 Rental Property, and Chapter 223 Property Maintenance, and Chapter 182 Lead Poisoning Prevention & Lead Hazard Control, the City of Lancaster has established a Residential Rental Property Program.
                        Mayor Sorace was elected to build a stronger and more equitable Lancaster, block by block. The City of Lancaster has made these commitments to racial and social equity. Some of this work started more than 2 years ago and some is NEW. It is all connected to what has been asked of the City by demonstrators in 2020.                    
Parking, Street Cleaning & Snow Removal | City of Lancaster, PA
Contact Us
rking@cityoflancasterpa.gov
Latest News
Phone
Mon-Fri: 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Landis Gochnauer
Housing Clerk
Designation of Responsible Agent
May
 Search
Housing Admin Assistant 
														Parking Authority													
Trash & Recycling
 
8:30 a.m. – 5 p.m.
              Health, Housing & Community Development Division            
Powered by Curator.io
            The City of Lancaster received a $9.7 million grant to remove lead paint hazards from homes within four census tracts south of King Street where 16,000 residents live.          
EMAIL
Housing Billing Clerk
            Documents & Resources          
              Land Development & City Design Division            
Vision Zero
Guía de Licencias de Alquiler – En Español
Sign up for Everbridge Alerts
(717) 517-5737
              Lancaster Office of Promotion (LOOP)            
(717) 735-3431
Department of Neighborhood Engagement
Forms, permits and documents.
              Bureau of Stormwater Management            
Δ
Business
Permits 
														Street Cleaning													
Relevant Maps
How is my property tax calculated?
FAX
Rental License Guide 2023
International Property Maintenance Code 2021
Promote public health, safety and welfare by establishing accountability for the proper maintenance of residential rental housing units through a license and registration program and a systematic inspection process. Regular inspections of rental properties are conducted to ensure safety and maintain quality of life standards.
Fix It! Lancaster is your connection to the City of Lancaster government for non-emergency service requests and more.
              Bureau of Police            
														FAQS													
                  7:30 pm                                      to
Street cleaning maintains a regular schedule year-round except for times when suspended due to holidays or extreme weather. Cancellations will be communicated via our website, social media, text message alerts and email. Utilizing the street cleaning schedule even when snow remains on the ground allows the Department of Public Works to continue to clear travel and parking lanes from snow, as well as normal street cleaning debris. This work ensures access to safe travel and accessible parking for all residents.
General Contact Info
(717) 291-4711
Zaritzia Burgos
Lancaster, PA 17608							 
            Join the City’s online participation platform called “Engage Lancaster”. This tool helps residents lend their voices to City projects. Head over to Engage Lancaster to create an account and get started!          
Parking options and street cleaning & snow removal information. 
Engage Lancaster 
Investment Incentives, Tax Credits and Financing
Pay Online
(717) 291-4778
Looking to report a pothole, broken street light, or other non-emergency service request? Use Fix It! Lancaster!
On Schedule
                  The City of Lancaster received $39.5 million in ARPA funds. Learn more about how we’re using them.                 
All businesses operating in the City need to be registered in order to conduct business. It's quick & easy. 
              Sustainability & Environment Division            
GENERAL CONTACT INFO
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Related Maps
Business RegistrationBusiness Licenses 
BuildingBlocks
717-291-4722
Lead-Safe Lancaster
Purpose
Notice to Water Customers in Parts of Manor, East Hempfield & West Hempfield Townships
              Bureau of Health            
Start Now
Tax & Fees FAQ | City of Lancaster, PA
Fats, Oils & Grease (FOG)
Email
              Documents & Resources      		
Randy King 
Construction
Ban the Sale of Consumer Fireworks in Pennsylvania
Independence Day
City Gov
Departments
Bureau of Information Technology | City of Lancaster, PA
              Bureau of Water            
                              Garage & Lot Info                      		
Contact Us | City of Lancaster, PA
hainseyv@cityoflancasterpa.gov
              Bureau of Engineering & Construction Services            
              Strategic Plan            
Street Cleaning Routes
								p (717) 291-4711
Designation of Authorized Property Manager
Calendar
Submit a media inquiry.
Parking Resources
If you earn less than $12,000 a year, you may be eligible for a rebate of the full amount you paid for the Local Services Tax. To apply for this rebate, contact the Lancaster County Tax Collection Bureau at 717-569-4521 or you can visit their website at www.lctcb.org.
717-291-4711
Find the Forms You Need
There will be no street cleaning on the following days:
How
              Bureau of Parks & Public Property            
Guia previa a la inspección – En Español
(717) 989 – 3652
Information for landlords & property owners 
				Looking to report a property maintenance issue?			
Fix It! Lancaster
Department of Public Safety
Bureau of Information Technology
VisitorsNews
(717) 291-4942
Learn More
Additional Resources
16
Yes. You can pay City Real Estate Taxes at our secure website by clicking the Pay Online Link. Please note that online payments include a small convenience fee. City Real Estate tax payment methods are as follows: mail a check to the Treasury Office, payments can be dropped in the drop box located outside the Treasury door, check, money order or cash payments can be made in the Treasury Office, or pay with a credit card or e-check on the City’s secure website( small convenience fee applies). Please note- any checks that are returned for NSF (non-sufficient funds) reason(s), an additional $50.00 charge will be added to the account.
City of Lancaster
Parking, Street Cleaning & Snow Removal
              Utilities Division            
CLEARING SIDEWALKS
Forms
– School District of Lancaster – 23.3531 mills (2022-2023 school year)
16, 2023
Media Inquiries
Code EnforcementFire SafetyGrants & ProgramsLead-Safe LancasterPay BillsParksParking, Street Cleaning & Snow RemovalPests & Animal ControlPlanning, Permits & LicensingPolicePublic RecordsShort Term RentalsStormwaterTrash & RecyclingTreesWater & Sewer
Street cleaning is either weekly or bi-weekly, depending on the route. The City of Lancaster is federally mandated to provide street cleaning year round in order to keep litter out of storm drains. Litter that ends up in a storm drain then goes into our combined sewer system, which has the potential to empty into our waterways and ultimately end up in the Chesapeake Bay. Please help us keep our water safe by paying attention to street cleaning signage when you parking and moving your car when necessary.
Bureau of Property Maintenance and Housing Inspections
Our Housing Inspectors
Jobs
Discount due 04-19-2023
New requirements go into effect January 2023. The new ordinance enhances lead safety protections in rental housing and childcare facilities. This ordinance requires all rental properties and childcare facilities built before 1978 to meet lead safety requirements every two to four years. Learn more at cityoflancasterpa.gov/lead-safe.
PMHI Pre-Inspection Guide 2023
                    canceled                  
Permits, licensing & inspections, smoke detectors, and community outreach. 

Register your Business Today
Sign Up for E-Alerts
Cars parked along snow emergency routes must be moved within one hour of the declaration of a Snow Emergency. Failure to remove a vehicle from a Snow Emergency Route could result in a parking ticket or towing of the vehicle at the owner’s expense.
Lancaster, PA 17603
*You may receive up to 4 messages per week. Message and data rates may apply when sending & receiving text messages. Messages sent from automated system. Consent not required to purchase goods and services. Text STOP to 57838 to opt-out. Text HELP to 57838 for assistance or call 800-211-2001. To view our Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy, please visit www.sentextsolutions.com/privacypolicy.
What taxes am I paying?
lagochnauer@cityoflancasterpa.gov
Contact
Have Questions? Need help with something? The links below provide immediate access to a variety of information on some of the issues we most frequently receive questions about, providing you with answers with zero waiting.
Bureau of Water
The amount of property tax you pay is based on the County’s assessed value of real estate property that you own. The assessed value of your property is NOT the same as the market value of your home. The market value is the value of your property if you were to sell it. In most cases, City properties are assessed at a value lower than the market value.
Open Today
Press Room
The City of Lancaster has a number of parking options for residents, commuters and visitors. See below for more information about parking options, residential permit parking, street cleaning, snow removal, how to pay parking tickets and more.
City of Lancaster Awards $5 Million in ARPA Funds to Invest in Community Facilities
2nd Installment due 6-14-2023
– Lancaster City – 12.64 mills
Solicitud de licencia de alquiler residencial – En Español
View All City News
Sectors & Building Blocks
              Bureau of Wastewater            
Are Certified Code officials of International Property Maintenance (IPMC) which provides requirements for continued use and maintenance of building elements, site conditions, swimming pools, plumbing, mechanical, electrical and fire protection systems in existing residential and nonresidential structures.
Privacy Policy
Parking Garages, Lots, Meters & Permit Areas
Maria Guzman-Castillo
Please be considerate of your neighbors. Have a neighbor who’s not home, elderly or handicapped? Please take some time and help them out with this task.
Popular PAGES
Designación del administrador de propiedad autorizado – En Español
              Bureau of Procurement & Collections            
              Who We Are      		
International Property Maintenance Code 2018
If you need assistance with snow removal, consider reaching out for a volunteer through Dig Out Lancaster County, a private Facebook group. Go to www.facebook.com/groups/DiggingOutLancasterCounty for more information.
pmhi@cityoflancasterpa.gov
info@cityoflancasterpa.gov
(717) 291-4721
Bureau of Property Maintenance & Housing Inspections | City of Lancaster, PA
Fax
            Contact your state legislators and ask them to co-sponsor legislation that would allow municipalities like Lancaster to ban guns from City-owned properties.          
Housing Supervisor
            Contact your Lancaster County legislators and tell them you want to make our city safe from hazardous consumer grade fireworks that put our neighborhoods in danger.          
Can I pay my taxes online? Can I make credit card payments?
Regular Payers
Application for Rental Property Registration
Housing Inspections
Washington’s Birthday (Presidents Day)
Street Sweeping
Penalty due 12-31-2023
mguzman@cityoflancasterpa.gov
                    6:15 pm                                  
Housing Declaration of Non-Rental
The Local Services Tax is charged on all persons who work in the City and earn more than $12,000 a year. The Local Services Tax is $52 per person, $47 of which is paid to the City and $5 of which is paid to the school district in which you live (School District of Lancaster, Lampeter-Strasburg or Conestoga Valley). You pay the Local Services Tax to the City if you are employed in the City, regardless of where you live. Any questions regarding EIT collection, refunds, tax return filing, etc. should be directed to the LCTCB at 717-569-4521 or you can visit their website at www.lctcb.org.
The City will systematically inspect all residential rental properties no less frequently than every six years as set forth in the policies and procedures. Systematic inspections are scheduled 90 days in advance.
AdvocacyBidsBoards, Commissions and AuthoritiesCity CouncilCity CodeOpen DataMapsStrategic Plan 
                  Voters will decide whether or not to form a Home Rule Study Commission on May 16.                
Tax & Fees FAQ
Home | City of Lancaster, PA
Also, many older adults on a fixed income are eligible to apply for Pennsylvania’s Tax and Rent Rebate program. The Property Tax/Rent Rebate program benefits eligible Pennsylvanians age 65 and older; widows and widowers age 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. Eligible applicants can be reimbursed up to $650 for the amount they paid in property taxes or rent. To apply for this rebate, visit www.revenue.state.pa.us/ptrr.
  
														Police													
Envía NOTICIAS al 57838 para recibir actualizaciones directamently en tu teléfono.**
SNOW REMOVAL
What can we help you find?
Address
How Can We Help You?
Memorial Day
View All Events
Do not throw or blow snow into the street when cleaning off your vehicles or sidewalks after the snow plow has gone through. Please pile the snow in grassy areas and along the curb. We understand that this can be difficult during large snowfalls, and appreciate your good-faith effort to keep snow out of the streets while clearing your sidewalks!
About BuildingBlocks
Department of Community Planning & Economic Development
												Still have questions? Please fill out the contact form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Labor Day
Interim Housing Strategy
														Calendar													
When
Michelle Szurok
American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) Funds
Redevelopment Authority of the City of Lancaster (RACL) Meeting
