​Home owners: Real-estate & Lebanon County ​Taxes: Collected by the Lebanon County Treasurer’s officeOffice Hours: Monday through Friday - 8:30 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.Mailing Address: Lebanon County Treasurer, Room 103, Municipal Building, 400 South 8th Street, Lebanon, PA 17042-6794Phone Number: (717) 228-4420, Fax Number: (717) 228-4462Department Head: Sallie A. NeuinGeneral E-mail:, lebcotreas@lebcnty.org
Home
			Fire Departments
2023 Meeting Schedule
			Board of Supervisors
			Planning Commission
Mt. Gretna Sewer Customers,Subject: Billing / Sewer Rate Changes            At the February 14, 2023 Board of Supervisor’s Meeting, the decision was made to pass on the 6% sewer rate increase received from the Mt. Gretna Borough Sewer Authority to the residents/businesses of South Londonderry Township connected to their sewer system.  The attached bill reflects this quarterly increase with most customers seeing their quarterly bill increase from $179.00 to $190.00.          The other important topic which also impacts each of you as a Mt. Gretna Sewer customer is the consideration that in 2024, these quarterly sewer bills will be consolidated into an annual bill and reflected on the 2024 Lebanon County Real Estate Tax bills.  If you have a mortgage, this sewer bill may be included as a monthly escrow; otherwise, the annual sewer billing will need to be paid to the Lebanon County Tax Collector with your Real Estate payment as per their payment policies.  Mt. Gretna sewer payments will no longer be accepted at the Township Building for these Mt. Gretna sewer customers, if this initiative is approved by the Board of Supervisors.           A final decision may be made at the May 9, 2023 at 7:00PM Board of Supervisors meeting after Mt. Gretna Sewer customers have the opportunity to provide public comment to this possible annual sewer billing change.  The Board of Supervisors encourage your attendance and participation at this upcoming meeting to voice your concerns and/or support.
			Lawn Fire Co.
				Historic Community
			Budget
Street # Sign Request
				Hours & Phone Numbers
			Fire Board
Copyright 2015 South Londonderry Township
 
				Census, 2020
			Zoning Hearing Board
				General Info
Special Announcements
Vacant positions
				Zoning, Building & Land
				Trash / Recycling
		>
Street Light Out
Voter Registration
Special Event Application
			Historical Commission
Legal Notices
Mosquito-born Disease Control ProgramRepresentatives for the program will be conducting sample collection in South Londonderry Township to determine what actions to take to mitigate the spread of West Nile Virus.  More information can be found HERE and on our Stormwater page.  
local tax information
Find out your Withholding rates by address for PSD, click here School Tax Code: 38530, 1%
South Londonderry Township Police K-9, Rex, retired on January 3rd, 2023 after eight years of service to the community. Rex was South Londonderry Township's Firs K-9 officer.  With Rex's retirement, and with our Township commitment to continuing the K-9 program, it is time to purchase and train another dog.  Rex was completely funded through community donations and that is our goal as we embark on another fundraising campaign.  To cover the costs of purchasing, training, equipping and maintaining the new dog, we are setting a fundraising goal of $25,000.  We believe that the K-9 Unit contributes to the safety of every resident and business owner of the community.  We hope that you will consider the K-9 program worthy of a donation.  If you feel so moved, please mail or drop your donations off at the Municipal Building located at 27 West Market Street, Palmyra, PA 17078.  
				Stormwater
			
Welcome to the official website of South Londonderry Township. We are located at 27 W. Market Street, Palmyra, in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania just minutes away from Hershey, PA. South Londonderry Township was incorporated in 1894 and is comprised of Campbelltown, Colebrook, Lawn and portions of Mt. Gretna. The 2020 Census figure recorded the Township's population at 8,776.  We invite you to visit our friendly community and enjoy our small town atmosphere.
				Departments
			Highway Department
			Sewer Info / Payment Portal
 
Zoning Hearing Notice
Historical Commission​ - 1 Vacancy​Municipal Authority - 1 VacancyInterested residents willing to be considered for any of these positions should mail, drop of or email a letter of interest to the Township Manager at the municipal building or manager@southlondonderry.org by December 22, 2023.
		
			Municipal Authority
Keystone Tax Services handles the collection of Earned Income Tax and the Local Services Tax for the Township. Visit their website at www.keystonecollects.com for information regarding filing, refunds, etc. Phone (724) 978-0300,  Fax (724) 978-0339
2024 Budget Development Schedule
COVID-19
				Home
Dog Licence
				Recreation
Crosswalk Study
			Campbelltown Fire Co.
			Sewer Authority
				Ordinance Information
			Agendas & Minutes
An index of ordinances that govern the Township can be found hereOrdinances of InterestAnimal Control - All animal control issues are enforced by the South Londonderry Township Police Department pursuant to the Pennsylvania Crimes Code, Title 18 and Local Township Ordinance #164.Burning Ordinance - Governs opening burning within the TownshipCurfew - It is unlawful for any person, 17 years of age or under, to be or remain in or about the streets within the Township at night during the period beginning at 11:30 pm and ending at 6:00 am with certain exceptions.Nuisance Ordinance - The Township Nuisance Ordinance governs overgrown bush, grass, weeds, vegetation, inoperable vehicles, snow, and ice removal.Onlot Sewage Enforcement - Onlot sewer enforcement is handled by the Lebanon County Planning Department. To file a sewage complaint you must complete their complaint form and submit it to the Planning Department's Office, 400 S. 8th Street, Lebanon. Property Maintenance Code- providing the standards for supplied utilities and facilities and other physical things and conditions essential to ensure that structures are safe etc.Solicitation Ordinance - Governs door to door sales and canvasing of the township. ​S​ubdivsion / Land Development Application for Plan ApprovalSump Pump Ordinance - Sump pumps are prohibited from discharging into the sanitary sewer system. Please read refer to the ordinance for more information.Township Park Rules & Regulations - Governs the township parks and recreation spaces.Trash & Recycling - The Township has adopted Ordinances governing Municipal Waste and recycling within the township.
			Agenda & Minutes
				Minutes Archive
				Budget
				Boards
Tax Information
	27 W. Market Street,Palmyra, PA 17078-8736 : 717-838-5556
			Police Department
Ordinance Information

				Online Payments
MY SITE
Grant Awards:Campbelltown Park - $70,616 for playground equipment and park improvements.Lawn Fire Co. - $162,081 for driveway improvements and sign replacement.Municipal Authority - $445,241 for a new jet/vac truck.
				Right To Know
				Tax Information
South Londonderry Township​Lebanon, PA
