                Local Services Tax
Animal Feeding Operations
                Pawn Shops and Second-Hand Shops
Art 101
                Excavations
    § 101.01
or supplemented at any time and, when any amendment or supplement
includes a part owner, joint owner or tenant in common, of the whole
(i) Gender. Words importing the masculine shall
Planning Commission
Art 311
Public Transit Information
person holding a written or oral lease of or who occupies the whole
Homeowner Incentives
                Building Numbers
Department of Public Works
Welcome to Lebanon City Council
continued violation shall constitute a separate offense.
 City Clerk 
                Design Standards and Guidelines and Design Review
or article:
1965, and any and all such amendments and supplements.
Art 103
Visit
Ordinances of ImportanceBelow is a list of Lebanon City Ordinances that are commonly enforced by the Lebanon City Police Department.  For a link to all codified ordinances click here.DogsDisturbing the PeaceHealth, Safety and SanitationMinorsAlcoholic Beverages
thereof to any person or circumstances, is held to be invalid, the
herein as "3rd Class ________."
                Title Seven - Stormwater System Discharges
Art 309
includes every kind of property except real property. "Real property"
Police Manual
§ 101.02
Firestone Tire & Service  (B, O, A, T)1143 Quentin Road717-273-8111Fox's Transport  (T)350 N. 18th Street717-274-8876Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority  (T)1610 Russell Road717-867-5790H.A. Boyd  (B, O, A)1250 Chestnut Street717-273-9385Lasher's Garage  (B, O, T)812 Horseshoe Pike717-867-2221
Multi-Family Recycling Guide
                Dogs
Homeowner Incentive Information
Art 503
Oil and Gas Stormwater Permitting
First Time Homebuyer ProgramNot a homeowner? Why not let the City help you become one? The City can provide generous financial assistance to income eligible buyers to take the important step to homeownership. You’ll need a little of your own money, reasonably good credit and steady income to qualify for BIG benefits. If you’re ready to make a commitment and investment in the future, buying a house through the First Time Homebuyer program makes sense.Details on this program including eligibility requirements are available by contacting the Lebanon County Redevelopment Authority at (717)274-1401 x 134.Learn more about becoming a homebuyer at one of our Homebuyer 101 Classes. Classes are available in English and Spanish.Housing Rehabilitation ProgramsThe City of Lebanon has two Homeowner Rehabilitation Programs. The first is an Emergency Rehabilitation Program. The purpose of this program is to provided assistance to eligible owner-occupied single-family dwellings that are in need of emergency home repairs to correct substandard conditions and code violations that are immediate health and safety hazards. The Emergency Home Rehabilitation Program is designed to address only those items that meet the objective of the program and is not intended to be a general home rehabilitation program. For more information about this program, contact Janelle Mendoff at 717-639-2800 Option 5. The Housing Rehabilitation Program provides grants and low interest loans with manageable payments to fit most budgets. Only owner occupants qualify and household income determines initial eligibility. Funds are also available to reduce lead paint hazards that pose a potential risk to children. This program differs from the Emergency Rehabilitation Program because the work being completed is not considered emergency. Details on this program including eligibility requirements are available by contacting the Lebanon County Redevelopment Authority at (717)274-1401 x 134.
                Minors
Municipal Wastewater
computed by excluding the first and including the last day except,
or other persons shall be construed as giving authority to a majority
Food Waste Reduction & Prevention
the common usage of language, provided, however, that technical words
and (c) of 1951 P.L. 662, as amended by 1957 P.L. 631.
Parks And Recreation Information
tense includes the future.
                Historic Building Demolition Approval Process and Incentives
(c) Calendar; Computation of Time. "Month" and
                Sewage Holding Tanks
                Police or Burglar Alarms
Useful Documents:Guide to Doing Business in LebanonPA Entrepreneur’s Guide
(a) The Codified Ordinances of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, 1965, may be amended
Public Transit
Fire Prevention Code Board of Appeals
Art 921
in hours, the whole of Sunday shall be excluded.
such authority may be exercised and such act may be performed, at
              Report a Violation
Neighborhood Associations Information
Karen Haitos- Councilmember
Residential Rental Licensing and Inspection ProgramIn accordance with the City of Lebanon ordinance for Residential Rental Housing Licensing & Inspection, all owners of residential rental units must register each unit with the Department of Public Safety beginning January 1, 2007.  For more information regarding the Residential Rental Licensing Program, please refer to Section 1907 of the Code of Ordinances.All forms with payment must be returned no later than 30 days after the billing date.  Beginning for license year 2017, annual invoices will be mailed during the period March through September. How Much Is A Rental License?The registration fee is $40.00 per dwelling unit and $20.00 per rooming house unit.  Forms may be obtained by downloading the Application for 2023, or from the Fire & Code Enforcement Department office at City Hall, 735 Cumberland Street, 1st Floor, Lebanon, PA  17042.   Phone:  717-639-2800 Option 2.This is only applicable to residential rental units.Send payment and registration form to:City of Lebanon, Department of Public Safety735 Cumberland StreetLebanon, PA  17042                                                                                                   *  Make check payable to "City of Lebanon"
    
or "Police Bureau" means the Bureau of Police of the City of Lebanon,
Ch APP5
The Building and Zoning Division of the Public Works Department is responsible for administering the building and zoning codes of the City.  Ordinances are enforced according to professional standards in accordance with the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, the Pa Construction Code Act, and other appropriate statues of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Additionally, prior to any permit’s issuance, the contractor must submit a copy of a Certificate of Liability Insurance and proof of Workers Compensation Insurance Coverage or a valid notarized exemption.
National Pretreatment Program
                Air Pollution
time", it shall be deemed to mean such time only as may be necessary
Recycling Resources By County
signifying the article within the Code, and the two figures "01" after
                Vacant Property Review Committee
the ordinance of the City adopting the Codified Ordinances of Lebanon,
                Part 11: Public Health Code
Keystone Opportunity Zones
            Environmental TopicsAirBed BugsChemicals and ToxicsClimate ChangeEmergency ResponseEnvironmental Information by Location Environmental JusticeGreener LivingHealthLand, Waste, and CleanupLeadMoldPesticidesRadonScience TopicsWater TopicsA-Z Topic Index
Safe & Healthy Guide to Chemicals
are hereby approved, adopted and enacted as the "Codified Ordinances
404 - File or directory not found.
Art 1702
Art 523
Art 1703
Download
Lebanon Valley College
A Message from The Mayor
Fax: 717-639-2802​
Simon S. Kettering & Sons  (B & T)1599 Cumberland Street717-272-5771Shultz Refinishing  (O) 254 S. 12th St.717-274-1639 Snyder's Service  (B, O, A, T)909 N. 7th Street717-272-2094Tim Wolfe's Automotive (B,O,A,T)1358 Cumberland Street717-273-7051Zimmerman's Automotive  (B, O, A, T)564 Horseshoe Pike 717-867-1644
Mission & History
Title One - General Provisions
Employment
PRC In The News
ReuseFest
Official websites use .gov
Lebanon High School is the City’s Public School, committed to creating and sustaining an atmosphere of excellence in all aspects of learning. The administration and teaching staff believes in nurturing lifelong learners through a well-balanced and integrated curriculum emphasizing the importance of adapting to an ever-changing world.Lebanon School District serves children, Kindergarten to 12th grade. For more information, visit the Lebanon School District online: https://www.lebanonsd.org/ 
More Information on the Stormwater Program
Art 701
Other ParksNortheast Park / Youth Center - 511 East Canal Street, LebanonThis 23.4 acre park has a pond, baseball and softball fields, fenced in lighted street hockey, 4 lighted tennis courts, and a play area. Beautex Park - 129 Van Buren Street, Lebanon.This 4.4 acre park contains a baseball field, basketball courts and a tot playground. Southeast Playground - 193 Walnut Street, Lebanon.This 2.3-acre park has basketball courts, a baseball facility, and a tot playground.Progressive Playground - 350 North First Street, Lebanon.This 2.3-acre park has a basketball court and a large tot playground.   East End Playground - 513 East Lehman Street, Lebanon.This playground has a basketball court and playground.Tot Lot -  6th & Crowell Streets. Fisher Veterans' Memorial Park - 521 South 9th Street, Lebanon.War memorials are located within this small park.   Patriotic events are held at this park. Veterans' Memorial Walkway - 4th to 12th Streets along Quittapahilla CreekA walkway/bike path is on this 5-acre area. 
 
Art 181
                Indecency and Immorality
 - Property Maintenance
Login
Art 1375
Contact:Duane TrautmanDirector of Public Safety and Fire CommissionerDTrautman@lebanonpa.org 717-639-2800735 Cumberland StreetLebanon, PA 17042 8:30-4:30 Monday – Friday
or part of a section, or any provision thereof, or the application
Art 1709
intent of Council as disclosed in a particular provision, section
ways in the City.
Safe Policing for Safe Communities Certification
Ch APP4
Art 1515
Contact:735 Cumberland Street Lebanon, PA 17046Phone – 717-272-6611Fax – 717-272-6758After business hours contact Lebanon County EMA to report a crime - 717.272.2054    Dial 911 anytime for an emergency.  **Remember when dialing 911, remain calm and answer all questions as quickly as possible. Accurate and timely information is important in coordinating an appropriate emergency response. 
Residential RecyclingAccording to the Lebanon City Ordinance Section 32C Article 930, recycling is mandatory within the City limits.  In 1988 the Pennsylvania Legislature passed Act 101, which requires municipalities with populations of 10,000 or higher to provide curbside and residential recycling. Failure to comply with the City Ordinance could result in a fine.   If you are in need of a recycling container please call the City Recycling Coordinator at 717-639-2800 Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. (Please be advised recycling containers are not to be used as trash cans.)          Who Should participate?Everyone who lives or does business within the City of Lebanon.  It's up to all of us to keep our community clean.LANDLORD RECYCLING RESPONSIBILITIESLandlords are responsible to provide recycling and trash removal services for their properties.A suitable amount of trash containers with lids and properly marked recycling containers are required.Landlords shall require by clause in each lease or other enforceable rule or regulation that tenants recycle.A convenient and practical trash and recycling area should be established so that tenants can properly place materials for pick up by the waste hauler.Removal of all trash and recycling is to be done by a licensed waste hauler.  (A list of waste haulers can be obtained in the Department of Public Works)Removal of recycling shall occur no less then biweekly.Each tenant is to be given instruction on recycling and trash removal. If needed the City can provide recycling guides in both English and Spanish.Why be Concerned?Due to the rapid rise of waste materials there is an imminent need to recycle.  In a lifetime the average American will throw away 600 times his or her adult weight in garbage. This means that each adult will leave a legacy of approximately 90,000 lbs. of garbage.  This figure can be drastically reduced through recycling and by making informed choices when purchasing recycled products with reduced packaging.  By recycling we help the future of our environment and save valuable landfill space.The City of Lebanon Recycling Booklet, a complete listing of recycling instructions (services can be downloaded) is available in our "Documents" section of the site.  This publication is also available at the Municipal Building, Public Works Department. If you have any questions about the City’s recycling program, please contact the Recycling Coordinator, Department of Public Works, at (717) 639-2800.Mandatory materials for residential recycling are as follows:Steel, bimetal and aluminum cansClear, brown and green glass bottlesNewspaperPlastic # 1 and #2Contact your contracted waste hauler to find out what recyclables they take and when.  All acceptable recycling items can be deposited at the City's drop-off center (see location & times on the main recycling webpage).  The following items are recyclable: Glass - clear, brown and green only  - food/drink bottles and jars - rinse and remove lids Plastic  #1 and #2 only - beverage bottles, detergent bottles, etc. - rinse and remove lids Aluminum  - beverage cans only Bi-metallic cans - food cans only - rinse, remove lid & place inside can Newspapers* - including inserts - should be tied with twine or placed in brown paper bags.Office paper - non-glossy paper including junk mail and copy paperMagazines - printed on glossy or chemically treated papersCardboard - corrugated cardboard boxes and containers - flatten; no staples or acrylic strapsTelephone books - special bins are available at the drop off center when new issues are printedAll recyclable materials are to be clean, contained, and free of contamination.  This includes cardboard, paper and other items that have come in contact with food or other contaminants.  FREE recycling containers can be obtained at the City of Lebanon Highway Garage located at 10th and Oak Streets.   STOP!!!   The following items are not recyclable: Glass - plate glass, crystal, tableware, cookware, light bulbs  Plastic - bags, tubs, oil bottles and food wrappers Aluminum - pie plates, foil, home siding and lawn furniture  Paper - metallic wrapping paper, Tyvek envelopes, tissues, tissue paper, napkins, paper towels, wax paper, paper plates Metals - aerosol cans, paint cans, ovenware (pots & pans) Books - hardcover or softcover Styrofoam Refuse - any items that are considered household trash (including all consumables)You may have heard about some changes in the recycling industry. China has stopped accepting America’s single stream recycling. Anywhere from 60-80% of Americas single stream recycling had been purchased by China. This has left a huge gap in the recycling industry. As states and municipalities are looking at other outlets for single stream recyclables, we ask that residents help by keeping only clean, acceptable recyclables in the recycling stream. Here’s how you can help!Recycling curbside with your trash hauler – Curbside recycling is required in the City of Lebanon and can be arranged through your licensed waste hauler.  If needed, curbside recycling containers can be acquired free of charge from the City of Lebanon Highway Garage.  These containers are to be used solely for the purpose of holding recyclable materials.  Please do not place trash in them.Please contact your trash hauler for their recycling collection dates.
                Title Five - Other Public Services
Art 1901
in the law shall be construed according to such technical or special
PA Entrepreneurs Guide 
Thursday, May 18, 2023
notwithstanding any other evidence of legislative intent, it is declared
Welcome to the City of Lebanon Parks & Recreation page.  Lebanon City provides 10 parks, 6 playgrounds, and numerous walking paths for the residents and visitors of the city to enjoy.  Within the City limits there are several tennis and basketball courts, football, softball, baseball and soccer fields, park pavilions and indoor facilities to rent, Stoever’s Dam for fishing, hiking and camping, and many other recreational activities available. The City owns and maintains more than 8 acres of green space to play and relax. Whether you prefer sports, hiking, fishing or picnicking, Lebanon has a park for you.
 - Contact Us
Amendments and supplements; numbering.  
                Title Three - Administrative Offices and Departments
Related Links:Coleman Memorial ParkStoever's Dam ParkSouthwest Park
Industrial Wastewater
Transit Authority and Bus Schedule
Chapter 4 (Environmental Assessment) from EPA's Preliminary Data Summary of Urban Stormwater Best Management Practices (1999)
                Coal and Coke
The rich history of HACC’s Lebanon Campus, providing educational excellence to the Lebanon Valley, began in the fall of 1990 when the newly renovated Francis J. Dixon Hall opened its doors. However, soon after, a fire in November 1990 destroyed the campus and nearby businesses. The campus was rebuilt on its original site, and the new $8 million building opened in January 1992. In the spring of 2014, the campus added two modernized classrooms and a collaborative learning space for faculty and students.  In more recent years, the campus has added a one button studio for video recording and continues to add state of the art technology to support programs. Serving the Lebanon Valley for more than 25 years, the Lebanon Campus offers a Welcome Center that brings admissions, registration, financial aid and advising into one convenient location. Lounge areas and wireless internet throughout the campus provide students with the opportunity to study and socialize conveniently. A student life space features Quest Cafe, lounge area, and meeting rooms for student government, clubs and student events. The Pushnik Family Library provides on-site help and comfortable space for individual and group study. Students can access over 11,000 volumes for research, study and personal enrichment. Computers and laptops are available for student use within the library. Online access to academic information and virtual reference service off campus are provided 24/7 for HACC students. The Lebanon Campus offers associate degree, certificate and diploma programs, as well as workforce development courses. Much of the general education course work for HACC’s other programs can also be completed at the Lebanon Campus. Students can choose from day or evening offerings, blended offerings, or online courses. In addition, a variety of developmental courses are offered to develop math and language skills. The Office for Academic Success provides free tutoring skills workshops and exam proctoring for current students and placement testing services for new students. In addition, students have access to services offered by academic advising and counseling, career and transfer services, veteran’s affairs and disability services. For more information, please contact the Lebanon Campus at 717-270-4222 or visit http://www.hacc.edu/Campuses/LebanonCampus/  Lebanon Campus 735 Cumberland Street, Floor 3Lebanon, PA 17042 717-270-4222 lebadmit@hacc.edu 
Snow Emergency Operations:Click here for Snow Emergency and Snow Removal Information.   Click here to read FAQs regarding Snow RemovalWhen there is a firm forecast of a substantial accumulation of snow (usually greater than 6 inches) or certain other conditions are expected that will pose a hazard to vehicle and pedestrian traffic, a snow emergency may be declared by the City of Lebanon. Vehicles parked along any SNOW EMERGENCY routes must be moved when a SNOW EMERGENCY is declared.  Vehicles which are not moved will be ticketed and then towed by the City of Lebanon Police Department.  The following are suggestions to avoid unnecessary inconvenience during a SNOW EMERGENCY: * Keep your radio and/or television tuned to local stations for the latest information.* Sign up to receive alerts regarding snow emergencies in the City of Lebanon. Register for an account on www.nixle.com. There is no fee to use this service.* If you plan to be away from your home or business during an anticipated storm, please make arrangements to have your vehicle removed if a SNOW EMERGENCY is declared.* Do not return your vehicle to the SNOW EMERGENCY route until the SNOW EMERGENCY is lifted. * The municipal metered parking lots will be free during the SNOW EMERGENCY for residents who live along SNOW EMERGENCY routes. Vehicles must be removed from the municipal metered lots with the established time frame to avoid a ticket. * The City carefully plans its approach to each storm and will every attempt to minimize the impacts of SNOW EMERGENCIES on both residents and the business community. General Snow Operations: During winter operations, please keep in mind that City crews plow streets in the following order of priority: 1.  SNOW EMERGENCY Routes2.  Secondary roadways3.  City-owned narrow streets and alleys4.  City-owned municipal lots* Please do not shovel your sidewalk until the City has finished plowing your street.  Several passes may be made over the course of the storm.  It is your responsibility to pile snow between the curb and sidewalk or in another appropriate area off of the street. * IT IS ILLEGAL TO SHOVEL your snow into the street or to plow snow into the street from your driveway, parking lot(s), or other private property. * Removing snow from fire hydrants and storm drains around your property is very helpful.* No person is permitted to obstruct or "save" any parking space within the City of Lebanon with items including, but not limited to, trash cans, furniture, barrels, barricades, etc. * The City of Lebanon greatly appreciates your cooperation.  If you have further questions regarding our winter operations, please contact the Department of Public Works at 717-639-2800 between the hours of 8:30AM - 4:30PM.
            About EPAOur Mission and What We DoEPA AdministratorHeadquarters OfficesRegional OfficesLabs and Research CentersPlanning, Budget, and ResultsOrganization ChartEPA HistoryStaff Directory 
                Recycling
City any act is prohibited or is made or declared to be unlawful or
                Title Three - Other Regulations
Lebanon City Council Members
It is important that residents take responsibility for maintaining their property. An unsightly yard, homes in disrepair, and old vehicles and equipment stored on-site not only reduces the value of that particular property, but reflects poorly on adjacent homeowners and the community. The City has limited resources to patrol neighborhoods looking for property maintenance or nuisance violations. You know your neighborhood and where problems exist. Of course, it is sometimes difficult to report property or nuisance concerns, especially if it involves your neighbor. If you are uncomfortable about discussing a concern with your neighbor, call Code Enforcement at 717-639-2800 Option 2 to report a property maintenance or nuisance concern.
                Buyer Notification
Art 943
changes as attached hereto and made a part hereof (Exhibit A), are
as applied to building or land, shall extend and be applied to any
Audits & Analysis
Art 1371
Starting A Community Conversation - November 2020
(aa) 
                Departmental Organization
to be the controlling legislative intent that if any such section
Art 347
Neighborhood Associations
                Establishment of Zoning Districts
Art 1382
Art 905
Codified Ordinances  
                Moving Household Goods
Art 923
Accounts & Finance
ParkMobileParkMobile is the leading provider of parking solutions in the US, helping millions of people easily find and pay for parking on their mobile device. People can use ParkMobile solutions to quickly pay for on-street parking in the City of Lebanon without having to use a meter. There is no cost to register or to download the ParkMobile app. Click here to learn more about how to use Parkmobile or visit: https://parkmobile.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000376451-Lebanon-PA-Parkmobile-Info-Parking Lots in Lebanon CityThe City  of Lebanon has several options for parking. Along the street are spaces designated for either 30 minute, 2 hour, 3 hour or 10 hour parking. Be sure to take notice of the color that indicates the time limit on the meter. Meter’s hours of operation: 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. There are 3 different ways to pay for parking; City Tokens, Parkmobile, or Coins. The City of Lebanon has monthly rental parking spaces available in various parking lots. To rent a parking space, visit the Finance Department atParking Lots in Lebanon CityThe City  of Lebanon has several options for parking. Along the street are spaces designated for either 30 minute, 2 hour, 3 hour or 10 hour parking. Be sure to take notice of the color that indicates the time limit on the meter. Meter’s hours of operation: 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. There are 3 different ways to pay for parking; City Tokens, Parkmobile, or Coins. The City of Lebanon has monthly rental parking spaces available in various parking lots. To rent a parking space, visit the Finance Department at 735 Cumberland Street, 1st floor, Lebanon, PA 17042. Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Recycling
Street Tree Application
                Controlled Substance Paraphernalia
    § 101.04
About
Conservation Workshops
Stormwater Discharges from Municipal Sources
would have been adopted independently of such sections or parts of
Part One - Administrative Code
Art 513
is declared to be an independent section or part of a section and,
Strategic Plan Summary
                Parking Generally
(b) Authority. Whenever in the Codified Ordinances
Complaints Against Police Officers
FOIA Requests
Backyard Composting Workshops
Gift a Workshop
                Realty Transfer Tax
Art 159
Pesticide Permitting
Art 941
Business Resources
                City Clerk
(g) County. "County" means the County of Lebanon,
See All News
Richard Wertz- Vice Chairperson
                Disturbing the Peace
Code Enforcement
Art 928
Administration
Art 177
Art 109
Apx APPc
                Bureau of Water
                Police Pension Fund
Written. "Written" or "in writing" shall
Art 516
 - Complaints Against Police Officers
                Pennsylvania Construction Code
                Dumpsters in a Public Right-Of-Way
Technical Assistance
                Appendix
Art 1903
Annual Reports
Annual Inspection Checklist
 - Recycling
 < 
EPA's Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Loads (TMDL) 
                                Event Time:4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority (GLRA)
Litter Awareness & Solutions
Connect.
PA DEP – Bureau of Watershed Management
(b) This ordinance shall be introduced in Council, notice of introduction
Parks & Recreation
                Allowed Uses in Primarily Nonresidential Districts
To rent a City Park building: A rental application must be completed 15 days prior to the reserved date, along with paying a $300 refundable security deposit (except for pavilions). The rental times are 8:00 a.m. until 11:00 p.m. The fee is due upon key pickup.  Reference the Fees and Regulations and Statement of Agreement attached to the rental application (see next paragraph).  Additional information is provided below under the various parks. Contact the Department of Administration at 717-639-2800 to rent a building. The regulations and application form may be downloaded, printed, completed, and returned to the Department of Administration, City Hall, 735 Cumberland Street, Lebanon. Park Building Rental Form
Biddy Basketball: Boys: George Kreiser - gkreiser66@gmail.com or 717-507-9780  Lebanon Biddy Basketball has been a joint effort of the City of Lebanon and the Lebanon School District. The Lebanon Biddy Basketball program has served as a starting point for many Cedars, including most members of this year’s varsity and junior varsity teams. The program annually serves approximately 200 boys in grades 1-7 at no cost to the participant.The programs mission is to develop every child in multiple areas; as a well-rounded basketball player, being a good person, and in the classroom. The coaches work will all players closely to ensure progress and that the children are having fun.For more information about the Lebanon Boys Biddy Basketball Program:http://www.lebanonboysbiddybasketball.com/index.htmlGirls: All girls in grades K4 thru Grade 7 are invited to participate in this program. For more information about the Lebanon Girls Biddy Basketball Program:Bob Bowman – bbowman@lebanon.k12.pa.usTeam sponsor: $75 per team Youth Soccer: Contact Alex McGee at 717-769-0785 or Lebanonrevolutionyouthsoccer@gmail.com for information T-Ball: Contact the Lebanon Valley YMCA (717-273-2691) for informationLittle League Baseball: Lebanon Baseball Association: For more information, visit www.lebanonbaseball.net or contact Brian Davenport at 717-222-7905. League fields are at Coleman Memorial Park.  Teener Baseball:  For more information, visit www.lebanonbaseball.net or contact Brian Davenport at 717-222-7905. League fields are at Coleman Memorial Park.
Shade Trees
Rental Property Information
Parks with Facilities Available to RentClick picture for more information
Art 127
Stoever's Dam Park
(n) Number. Words in the plural include the singular
Mission Statement
Building and Zoning Home
Stormwater Webcasts
 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
              
                Title One - General Provisions
Art 337
Stormwater Discharges From Municipal Separate Storm Sewer Systems (MS4s) Site
Art 164
is adopted in such form as to indicate the intention of Council to
that a reference to the Codified Ordinances shall be understood and
Whenever in the Codified Ordinances or in any ordinance of the
                Crime Commission
Relearn Recycling Best Practices and Acceptable Items
                                Event Time:4:45 PM - 5:45 PM
Business Resources 
Stormwater runoff is generated from rain and snowmelt events that flow over land or impervious surfaces, such as paved streets, parking lots, and building rooftops, and does not soak into the ground. The runoff picks up pollutants like trash, chemicals, oils, and dirt/sediment that can harm our rivers, streams, lakes, and coastal waters. To protect these resources, communities, construction companies, industries, and others, use stormwater controls, known as best management practices (BMPs). These BMPs filter out pollutants and/or prevent pollution by controlling it at its source.
Art 333
(j) General Rule. Excepting as otherwise provided
                Control of Fire Insurance Proceeds
a board, commission, authority or to three or more officers or employees
Lebanon Auto Clinic  (B, O, T)421 E. Walton Street717-274-8380Leffler’s Service (B,O,A,T)640 N. 9th Street717-272-9951Leiss' Garage  (B, O, A, T)1834 Lehman Street717-274-2027Market Square Service Station (B, A, T)31 N. 9th Street717-274-9896 Monroe Muffler & Brake  (B, A, T)1800 West Cumberland Street717-273-5592
Art 1309
Guide to Doing Buisness in Lebanon City
Art 153
Coleman Park Board of Trustees
Community Information
                City Engineer
Art 505
Art 745
                Environmental Protection
Building/Zoning/Sign Permit
                Adult Bookstores
Art 1307
Hard To Recycle Collections
Frequent Questions
Stop Junk Mail
Authorization Status for EPA's Stormwater Construction and Industrial Programs – Most states are authorized to implement the stormwater NPDES permitting program. EPA remains the permitting authority in a few states, territories, and on most land in Indian Country.
Forest Roads
protection of public health, and
"year" mean the calendar month or year. The time expressed in days
                Title Three - Taxation
Art 929
Powered by General Code
Youth Sports Information
Yard Waste Drop Off Center – The City of Lebanon saves landfill space by accepting yard waste materials which would be converted to compost.  Compost is the decomposition of organic materials.  The Yard Waste Drop Off Center is located at 893 N. 8th Street.  The hours are as follows:Hours Of Operation:March through October - 7:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. daily November through February - 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. daily This service is available to all Lebanon City residents and property owners. The following materials are accepted: Tree & hedge trimmingsBranches and tree limbs (must not exceed 3" in diameter and must be cut to no more than 6 feet in length)Unbagged leavesThe following rules apply:ABSOLUTELY NO grass.No materials are to be deposited outside the fenced in area. All items to be dropped off should be placed at the specified area. NO items are to be placed in the sweeper debris roll off container.Only organic materials are to be deposited at the center. Please do not sweep trash from your truck bed into the yard waste or leaf piles.The facility is monitored with a camera surveillance system and violators will be prosecuted.  An access card is required to enter the facility.  The initial fee for a yearly residential access card is $40.00.  The annual renewal fee is $35.00.  The annual fee for an access card for commercial use (including landscapers is $500.00 (one card per account).  Card sharing is NOT permitted.    There is a $25.00 fee for replacement of misplaced or lost cards. For more information please call the Department of Public Works at 717-639-2800.
Art 331
National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES)
Privacy
                Operation of Motor Vehicles
Business Incentives Information
                                Event Time:4:45 PM - 5:00 PM
                Part 9: Streets, Utilities and Public Services Code
to be unlawful, where no specific penalty is provided therefor, the
Divisions of the Lebanon City Police DepartmentPatrol Division – The Patrol division is composed of three Platoons that operate on 8 hour rotating shifts. At full staffing the platoons have one Sergeant and eight patrol officers assigned. One of the patrol officers on each platoon is assigned as a Patrolman First Class. There is one patrol Lieutenant who oversees all administrative tasks for the three platoons. Within the patrol division are two full time K/9 officers who work every shift with the German Sheppard partner. There are also several officers trained in bicycle patrol. These officers are primarily used for special events, community relations and specialized enforcement details.Detective Division– The Detective Division or Criminal Investigative Division serves the investigative function of the department. There are four detectives assigned to the division and one Sergeant assigned as their immediate supervisor. There are an additional two detectives assigned full time to the Lebanon County Drug Task Force.Their main responsibilities include conducting follow up investigations on cases initiated by the patrol division, assisting on primary cases when requested, clearance of crimes through arrest and recovery of stolen property, acting as a liaison with other federal, state and local law enforcement agencies and sharing information with such agencies, and supporting the Lebanon County District Attorney’s Office during prosecution of major cases.  All detectives must first serve in the patrol division before assignment.Administrative/Community Relations Division – The administrative division directs the overall activities of the department to accomplish the mission and goals of the department, ensuring that resources are used in the most efficient and effective manner. The Administration Division is responsible for coordinating the department’s efforts with other City Departments, with other criminal justice agencies, and with the community. The Administration Division also works with regional, state and national organizations to enhance the ability of the Police Department to ensure the safety of all persons in the community. The administration is also responsible for internal investigations, creating and maintaining a department budget, updating policies and procedures based on current legal trends and requesting and managing grants. The administrative division is managed by the Chief of Police and the Captain of Police. The Captain of Police is responsible for organizing police officers presence at community events.Support Services Division – The support services division is staffed by one Lieutenant and one Sergeant.   The primarily responsibilities of the division include maintenance of the department fleet, supervision of the fifteen crossing guards, department quartermaster, K/9 supervisor and maintenance of the department computer, radio and recording systems including in-car camera and mobile data terminal systems. The secondary responsibility of the division is as fill-in supervisors for the patrol platoons.Records Section – The records section of the department is maintained by one full time civilian employee.  The section maintains all police related records as per state laws and regulations. The section will provide copies of completed Pa State Accident reports for a $15 fee. Incident verification letters will also be provided for a $10 fee. Photo ID is required to receive these services. The hours for the section are Monday thru Friday 8:30 am – 4:00 pm.
The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.
 - Accounts & Finance
                Social Security
The Codified Ordinances of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, 1965, may
Composting
		© 2023 Pennsylvania Resource Council
EVENTS CALENDAR
                Procedures for Recovering Expenses
Separability of provisions.  
                                Resident
                International Residential Code
protection of wetlands and aquatic ecosystems,
Mechanical Device License
                                Event Time:6:30 PM - 7:30 PM
                Sanitary Sewers
                                Event Time:3:00 PM - 3:30 PM
meaning.
                Off-Street Parking and Loading
 - Building and Zoning
Art 341
                Administration, Enforcement and Penalty
                Title One - Street and Sidewalk Areas
Art 924
Stormwater Annual Newsletter
                Coin-Operated Dry Cleaning Machines
Southwest Optimist Park
                Municipal Parking Lots
Art 761
Long-Term Stormwater Planning
authority is given to an officer or an act is required to be performed,
                Amendments and supplements; numbering.
Community and Economic Development Information
A Place to Learn and WorkLebanon City creates an environment that encourages new businesses and job growth across all sectors and skill sets, accelerating employment opportunities in businesses large and small.The City of Lebanon offers great opportunities for business development. Whether you’re looking for a small retail building or large office building, the City of Lebanon is the place to start and/or grow your business.The City of Lebanon wants new, existing, and expanding businesses to be successful in our community. Our Economic Development team provides a range of services designed to support small businesses as well as large corporations.Starting a Businesses in Lebanon CityStarting and growing a business requires careful planning, business skills, financial resources, motivation and a lot of hard work.The key to getting started is your Business Plan. A Business Plan is a road map for your business- it details where you want to take your business and the route of how to get there. Developing a business plan will help you to determine if starting a business is a journey you wish to embark upon.A business plan generally includes:a business description a marketing plana financial management plana management planPA One-Stop ShopThe Business One-Stop Shop is typically the first point of contact for business assistance in Pennsylvania. They provide support to entrepreneurs and businesses in all stages of development. They are able to assist in a variety of areas including business registration, locating funding sources and business expansion to name a few.For more information contact, 1-833-722-6778, or visit the One-Stop Shop online at business.pa.gov.
 - Business Incentives
 AMERICAN WATER PARTNERS WITH PRC TO PROMOTE WATERSHED PROTECTION IN WESTERN PA PRC recently launched a watershed education initiative in western Pennsylvania that has the potential to remove nearly 3 million gallons of water annually from the stormwater syste... PRC 2023 COLLECTION SCHEDULE ANNOUNCED             2023 COLLECTIONS TO ACCEPT E-WASTE, TIREs, SMALL FREON APPLIANCES, HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND MORE Mark your 2023 calendar now for dates to drop off a wide variety o... QUESTIONS FOR CANDIDATES — Allegheny County Executive Residents of Allegheny County will elect a new County Executive in 2023.  To ensure that residents are educated on where the candidates stand on environmental issue, PRC has joine... PRC RECEIVES PA DEP GRANT TO SUPPORT WATERSHED PROTECTION EFFORTS PRC and partners will receive $244,475 from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to support watershed restoration and protection projects in southeastern P... CONGRATULATIONS, 2022 POSTER CHALLENGE WINNERS Congratulations to winners of the 12th annual LET’S CLEAR THE AIR POSTER CHALLENGE presented by the Southwestern PA Air Quality Partnership in collaboration with Pennsylvania... HARD-TO-RECYCLE COLLECTIONS LAUNCH MAY 22 PRC will launch its 2021 HARD-TO-RECYCLE COLLECTION campaign by hosting an event at Galleria at Pittsburgh Mills, Frazer Township, on Saturday, May 22, from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m. Throu... Become a Stream Smart Property! PRC is inviting any property owner in the Darby and Cobbs Creek Watersheds to participate in the Stream Smart Stormwater House Call program! Stream Smart properties will receive au... Become a Stream Smart Property! PRC is inviting any property owner in the Darby and Cobbs Creek Watersheds to participate in the Stream Smart Stormwater House Call program! Stream Smart properties will receive au... Become a Stream Smart Property! PRC is inviting any property owner in the Darby and Cobbs Creek Watersheds to participate in the Stream Smart Stormwater House Call program! Stream Smart properties will receive au... Become a Stream Smart Property! PRC is inviting any property owner in the Darby and Cobbs Creek Watersheds to participate in the Stream Smart Stormwater House Call program! Stream Smart properties will receive au... Become a Stream Smart Property! PRC is inviting any property owner in the Darby and Cobbs Creek Watersheds to participate in the Stream Smart Stormwater House Call program! Stream Smart properties will receive au... Become a Stream Smart Property! PRC is inviting any property owner in the Darby and Cobbs Creek Watersheds to participate in the Stream Smart Stormwater House Call program! Stream Smart properties will receive au... 
Message From The Chief
 - Community & Economic Development
            Report a ViolationEnvironmental ViolationsFraud, Waste or Abuse
ZoningZoning is a method of regulating land use and structures. It is initiated by the adoption of a zoning ordinance that is designed to protect the public’s health, safety, and welfare. Zoning maps define different zoning districts.Zoning is recognized as a positive tool for encouraging certain development and for creating an attractive community. In addition, zoning now frequently attempts to control development in areas subject to flooding, to preserve natural and historic features, and save farmland.Zoning permits are required for the following:Constructing or altering a structureConstructing an additionDemolishing or moving a structure (plus a separate demolition permit is required)Construction or placement of fences, decks, sheds and garagesChange or alteration of the use of the propertyInstallation of swimming pools and hot tubs with a water depth greater than 18”Erection of a sign (plus a separate sign permit is required)Zoning Districts & Mapping The City of Lebanon Zoning Ordinance defines requirements for 10 different zoning districts and contains community development objectives and the necessary technical provisions to regulate the use of land and structures. The ordinance establishes bulk, height, area, setback, and other standards. The Zoning Ordinance has been adopted and amended by the City of Lebanon Council and is contained in Part 13 of the Code of Ordinances. The zoning map delineates the boundaries of the specific districts or zones created in the ordinance.Zoning Hearing BoardThe City of Lebanon Zoning Hearing Board is established by the Zoning Ordinance and members are appointed by the Mayor. The Zoning Hearing Board was created to help assure fair and equitable application and administration of the Zoning Ordinance. The Zoning Hearing Board is the local court for zoning matters. The purpose of the Zoning Hearing Board is to hear requests for variances, special exceptions, and other appeals. An applicant may file an application to be heard by the Zoning Hearing Board by completing and submitting a Zoning Hearing Board Application.Zoning Officer The day-to-day administrative procedures provided for in the ordinance are the responsibility of the Zoning Officer. The duties of the Zoning Officer generally involve receiving, reviewing, and issuing applications for building or zoning permits and certificates of occupancy; maintaining records of applications and permits; making inspections to determine compliance with the ordinance; notifying persons violating the ordinance; keeping the zoning ordinance and maps up-to-date; and accepting applications for and presenting facts at hearings before the Zoning Hearing Board.  The Zoning Officer can be contacted at 717-639-2800, Option 4 or cityadmin@lebanonpa.org Permits are required to be posted and accessible to the inspector.Home Improvement Contractors Additional RequirementsEffective July 1, 2009, all home improvement contractors must register with the PA Attorney General Office and provide the City of Lebanon with a certificate of insurance and registration number. This is enforced to protect homeowners from unscrupulous contractors.For more information and to apply- visit the State Attorney General’s Website: www.attorneygeneral.gov.We strongly suggest that you call the City’s Building and Zoning Division BEFORE you begin any project. The staff will be delighted to further explain the regulations as they pertain to building and zoning permits. We appreciate your cooperation, and look forward to working with you.
National Water Quality Inventory Report to Congress (305(b) report)
                Part 1: Administrative Code
                Part 3: Business Regulation and Taxation Code
              Environmental Topics
Part Three - Business Regulation and Taxation Code
Art 315
Codes Of Ordinances
Useful Documents:Financial Statement for 2021Adopted Budget for FY 2023Mayor's Proposed Budget for FY 2023
to which it is held invalid, shall not be affected thereby, and it
City Parking Information
[Ord. 73-1964, 65 § 6, passed 8-9-1965; Ord. 40-1970, 71 § 1, passed 5-24-1971]
shall be subdivided into articles, and each article shall be subdivided
Lebanon Transit (LT) is one of the premier public transportation agencies in Pennsylvania. LT is dedicated to providing our local community with affordable and environmentally-friendly service throughout the entire county and beyond. Whether you’re going to work, running errands, visiting friends or exploring the county, LT is the convenient, reliable and friendly way to get there. Information on routes and fares can be found at lebanontransit.org.
City of Lebanon Recycling Information
Print
MAY 20 HOUSEHOLD CHEMICAL COLLECTION IN CAMBRIA COUNTYAMERICAN WATER PARTNERS WITH PRC TO PROMOTE WATERSHED PROTECTION IN WESTERN PAJUNE 3 HARD-TO-RECYCLE COLLECTION IN ALLEGHENY COUNTYFREE MAY 10 PRC ONLINE COMPOSTING “CRASH COURSE” OFFEREDMAY “TRAVELING GLASS RECYCLING BIN” SCHEDULE ANNOUNCEDTWO HOUSEHOLD CHEMICAL COLLECTIONS SET FOR MAYMAY WEEKDAY E-WASTE COLLECTIONS IN ALLEGHENY COUNTY READ MORE
Rain Barrel Information
Mayor's Office
Rules and Notices
City of Lebanon
Rental License Application
                Smoking in Stores and Buses
Watershed Awareness & Rain Barrel Workshops
          Pin open the table of contents
to property, extends to and includes land and buildings.
NPDES Stormwater Program | US EPA
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
Code Enforcement Information
                Rooming Houses
                Offenses Against Property
                                        Contact Us
 - Homeowner Incentives
Resources for New and Existing Business In Lebanon City
Art 521
Why License Rental Properties?The intent of the rental license ordinance is to:Promote the health, safety, and welfare of the general public.Assure preservation of the existing housing supply.Help maintain property values.Work toward eliminating substandard and deteriorating rental housing.Maintain a living environment that contributes to healthful individual and family living.What are the inspectors looking for?Life safety issues such as heating, plumbing, electricity, & smoke detectors, along with sanitation issues that would impact on the health of the neighborhood.
Act 101 of 1988
                Part 5: Traffic Code
Art 1311
                Separability of provisions.
Newsroom
(x) Street. "Street" shall be construed to include
Art 1379
Nixle ERS
(r) Police Department or Bureau. "Police Department"
                Sidewalks, Curbs and Driveways
as amended. The sections of the Third Class City Code may be cited
Art 171
                Title; Enactment; Severability
Lancaster-Lebanon SCOREBusiness plan counseling, start up and general counseling.313 West Liberty StreetLancaster, PA 1760717-397-3092help@score.orghttps://lancaster.score.org/Shippensburg University – Small Business Development CenterFree business startup planning and management techniques.1871 Old Main Drive – 405 Grove HallShippensburg, PA 17257717-477-1935http://www.ship.edu/SBDC/Kutztown University of Pennsylvania – Small Business Development CenterFree procurement training, how to sell to state, federal and local governments.600 N. Hartley St. Suite 100 York, PA 17404717-825-1132https://www.kutztown.edu/about-ku/administrative-offices/small-business-development-center.htm
                Registration of Real Estate
Pavilion Rentals at Coleman Memorial Park
Art 1306
Wednesday, May 17, 2023
Privacy and Security Notice
Art 161
The City of Lebanon’s Accounts and Finance Department is responsible for ensuring that all City funds are managed in accordance with generally accepted principles of governmental accounting. To this end, the Accounts and Finance Department adheres to accounting best practices to maintain appropriate controls of all City assets. The Accounts and Finance Department provides a full range of administrative and support services including cash management and investment of funds, debt management, purchasing, accounts payable and revenues receivable, payroll processing, budgeting, and preparation of City financial reports and statements. 
            Laws & RegulationsBy Business SectorBy TopicComplianceEnforcementGuidanceLaws and Executive OrdersRegulations
NPDES Stormwater Program Overview
extend and be applied to the feminine and neuter genders.
State Attorney General
and permanent nature, consolidated and codified with minor nonsubstantive
                Skateboards
Art 343
Art 1313
Volunteer
Police Department
includes lands, tenements and hereditaments.
Art 713
Home
                Pedalcycles (Bicycles) and Pedalcycle (Bicycle) Licensing
                Part 13: Zoning Code
    § 101.03
After a Complaint is FiledThe completed written complaint form will be forwarded to the Captain of the Lebanon City Police Department for review.  The Captain will decide whether he will investigate the complaint (more serious complaints) or if he will assign it to the officer’s immediate supervisor (less serious complaints).The investigating officer will contact you to set up an interview concerning the complaint.  An investigation will be conducted, including interviewing witnesses, and one of the following conclusions will be made:• Sustained – The incident is determined to have occurred and an assessment is made to determine the level of discipline, retraining, or counseling to be recommended for the officer(s). • Insufficient Facts – There are not enough facts to prove whether the incident occurred or not.     • Exonerated – The incident occurred, but the officer did not violate any laws or any Lebanon City Police Policies or Procedures.     • Unfounded – The investigation determined that the incident did not occur.The Chief of Police is the final departmental authority for discipline.You will be notified of the findings and disposition of your complaint.  Please be sure to make the investigating supervisor aware of any change of address or phone numbers.  If you are dissatisfied with the findings, you may make an appointment with Chief Todd Breiner to discuss the case. 
Federal:United States Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA)Environmental Protection Agency HeadquartersAriel Rios Building1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NWWashington, DC 20004202-272-0167TTY: 202-272-0165
Complaints Against Officers
                                Community
Oil and Gas Permitting
Fluorescent Light Bulb Recycling
(v) Sidewalk. "Sidewalk" means any portion of
Art 179
                Title Seven - Employment Provisions; Pensions and Benefits
                Dimensional Requirements in Each District
                            
(l) Keeper or Proprietor. "Keeper" or "proprietor"
Art 925
Art 729
                Shade Tree Commission
Lebanon, PA  17042
About us
                Additional Requirements for Specific Uses
The City of Lebanon Fire Department has been providing dedicated fire service for a long and honored period.  Many of the Companies comprising the Department have been in existence for over two hundred years.  Today’s Department is one of the most modern and progressive firefighting force in the State. The City of Lebanon is proud of its fire protection history and the many individuals that have helped to keep the community safe from fires and other emergencies. This is the goal of the Department as stated in the Mission Statement, “The primary mission of the Department is to provide a range of programs designed to protect the lives and property of all who live, visit, work, or invest in the City of Lebanon from the adverse effects of fires, sudden emergencies or exposure to dangerous conditions created by either man or nature.”MembersPresently the Department consists of a Fire Commissioner, Volunteer Fire Chief, Volunteer Deputy Fire Chief, Volunteer Assistant Fire Chief, 21 Career Firefighters, approximately 40 Volunteer Firefighters and a Fire Police unit.  The Department maintains 5 engines, 1 aerial ladder, 1 ladder tower, 1 squad, 1 heavy rescue, and a service unit in four stations.ServicesThe Department provides emergency response to all types of situations ranging from hazardous materials incidents, vehicle accidents, various types of rescues, and all manner of fires from structures to leaves.  The Department also provides community services such as fire prevention training programs, fire station tours and fire drills at various schools, businesses and community functions.Career FirefightersThe career firefighters of the Department not only conduct the fire prevention inspections but also are involved in all aspects of fire prevention and suppression for the citizens of the City.  The career staff conducts many tours of the fire stations and present fire safety programs to the many school children and adults within the City.  The career firefighters also are responsible for operating and maintaining the fire apparatus and stations of the Department to include washing and repairing fire hose, repairing air packs, cleaning apparatus and cleaning the stations.  The career firefighters not only operate the fire fighting apparatus but usually are the first in to a fire or at the scene of an emergency.  The 21 career firefighters are trained in all techniques of fire suppression, hazardous materials and emergency medical service.Volunteer FirefightersWhile the career firefighters handle the day-to-day operations of the Department, the volunteer firefighters provide one of the most important services to the Department.  The volunteer fire companies provide the fire apparatus that respond to all calls.  Over the many years of operation, the volunteer fire companies have provided numerous pieces of firefighting apparatus from the first hand drawn units to the aerial device.  Of the present firefighting apparatus all but two are wholly owned by the volunteer companies and one is co-owned between the City and a volunteer company.Not only have the volunteer fire companies provided apparatus, but also other equipment purchased through the Volunteer Firemen’s Relief Association such as the breathing air compressor, breathing air systems on apparatus, protective firefighting gear for the volunteer firefighters and much other needed equipment.Of course, the main reason for the volunteers is their dedication in providing firefighting protection for the City.  The City of Lebanon has a highly dedicated force of volunteers that are well trained and experienced in fire suppression, hazardous materials, vehicle rescue, high angle rescue, emergency medical service and even fire prevention.   Without this dedicated core of volunteers, the City would need to hire more career personnel or rely more heavily on County fire companies.Become a VolunteerWhile the Department has an excellent core of volunteer and career firefighters, there is always the need for more volunteer firefighters or volunteers just to help in all aspects of the company needs including fundraising and fire prevention activities.  For anyone interested in becoming a member of one of the nine volunteer fire companies, go to the nearest fire station or contact a Fire Chief, Captain or any member of a company.  Those interested in firefighting are considered probationary for one year and must complete a course in the “Essentials of Firefighting and Hazardous Materials Operations” during the first year. Firefighting protective gear and equipment usually is provided to new members.
Inspector General
City of Lebanon, PA Codified Ordinances
By using eCode360 you agree to be legally bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please do not use eCode360.
Contact Us to ask a question, provide feedback, or report a problem.
View Details
(bb) 
Art 191
Registration
Last updated on February 2, 2023
                Planned Unit Residential Developments
                Disposition List
                Lebanon Parking Authority
 - Public Transit
Coleman Memorial Park
Property Maintenance Information
Art 1101
Lebanon County
Child Safety Seats and Seat Belts
Phone:  717-639-2800
Zero Waste Program
Public Hearing-2023 Annual Plan
Boards, Commissions and Authorities
Population growth and the development of urban/urbanized areas are major contributors to the amount of pollutants in the runoff as well as the volume and rate of runoff from impervious surfaces. Together, they can cause changes in hydrology and water quality that result in habitat modification and loss, increased flooding, decreased aquatic biological diversity, and increased sedimentation and erosion. The benefits of effective stormwater runoff management can include:
                Railroads
Art 930
Art 755
Pennsylvania, 1965, in conformity with the Third Class City Code of
Get Involved
                Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority
                Utility Poles
No FEAR Act Data
                Title One - Zoning Ordinance
Visit Lebanon City Brochure
                Tree Preservation Regulations for Land Developments
                Removal of Wires
Zoning Hearing Board
                International Property Maintenance Code
EPA Disclaimers
Stormwater FAQ
the first "1" signifying Code 1, the two figures "01" before the decimal
 - Snow Information
Contact:Janelle MendoffCommunity & Economic Development Administratorjmendoff@lebanonpa.org717-639-2800735 Cumberland Street, Lebanon, PA 170428:30-4:30 Monday – Friday
Schools
is declared to be the legislative intent that the Codified Ordinances
Stormwater Management
(t) Property. "Property" includes real and personal,
Collection Events
Hard To Recycle Items
News and Announcements
Art 1314
 - Fire Department
Art 927
First Time Homebuyer Program
Stormwater Best Management Practices Fact Sheets
LET PRC SHOW YOU HOW TO COMPOST!
Why & How to Recycle?
construed as including the Codified Ordinances of Lebanon, Pennsylvania,
                International Mechanical Code
Art 922
Reservations are being accepted for pavilion rentals at Coleman Memorial Park...read more 
Recycling at the City Drop off Center – The City of Lebanon places a high priority on reducing the amount of waste that ends up in landfills and operates a Recycling Drop Off Center at 14th and Lehman Streets to collect items that are not collected curbside and a drop off if you desire to recycle more frequently than your curbside pick-up. Due to changes in the market and the increased costs to recycle, the Recycling Center is only available for use by residents of the City of Lebanon. Residents must register with the Department of Public Works to obtain a user card prior to using the Recycling Center. Please contact the Department of Public Works at 717-639-2800 or vsentz@lebanonpa.org to obtain a user card. There is no fee for a user card. You must show the user card to the attendant prior to entering the Recycling Center. Non-residents are encouraged to contact their respective municipality for detailed information regarding recycling. *** Please do not leave unattended bags by the gate during off hours.***Hours of OperationSunday, Monday and Tuesday- CLOSEDWednesday - 8:00 a.m.-3:00 p.m. Thursday - 12:00 noon - 5:00 p.m.Friday - 12:00 noon - 5:00 p.m.Saturday - 8:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.Why Clean Recyclables?Much of the issue with the recycling industry is an abundance of recyclables with remnants of their contents still in containers. Another issue is that non-recyclable materials are being placed in the recycling stream, contaminating the entire load of recyclables.  Companies that buy recyclables do not want to purchase recyclables that will cost more to clean out, than they will make in recycling them.This is why the City is emphasizing the need to thoroughly clean each item placed in the recycling stream, remove lids and to make sure you are recycling the right things. If you are not sure or have questions about recycling in the City, please call the City Recycling Coordinator at (717) 639-2800 or contact the Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority at (717) 867-5790.  Thank you for your continued recycling efforts!
Thursday, May 25, 2023
Art 751
Art 1907
Art 511
                Housing Discrimination
                Procurement, Purchasing, and Contraction
Art 1717
ParkMobile
 - Education
Art 1315
Regulations.gov
Accounts and Finance Information
                Title Three - Other Fire Regulations
Contact Us
and phrases and such others as may have acquired a special meaning
 - Business Resources
In-School Programs
make the same a part thereof, such amendment or supplement shall be
Each section and each part of each section of the Codified Ordinances
Art 1715
Accessibility Statement
Hotlines
(f) Council. "Council" means the Council of the
Art 1705
Act 44 Pension Disclosures
Sign up for our newsletter!
Art 163
City Council Information
                Mechanical Amusement Devices Tax
Source Reduction Tips – Source reduction is the practice of reducing the amount of trash you produce. Buy products that are reusable, refillable or concentrated.Avoid products that are double packed.Use a sponge in place of paper towels.Donate usable unwanted materials to charity.Reuse plastic bags and containers.  Buy products made from recycled materials. For additional information on the benefits of recycling, call the PA Recycling Hotline 1-800-346-4242 or go to DEP's Recycling homepage at www.dep.state.pa.us and click on "Waste."Household Hazardous Waste – This includes paint, car batteries, used oil, poisons, spray cans, and more. To arrange pick up of these materials, call the HHW Hotline, 1-800-742-5542, Ext. 123, or visit www.mxiinc.com/lebanon to arrange for an "at your door" collection. There is a $15.00 fee associated with this program and due to program funding, each household is limited to one per year. Electronic waste can be dropped off at the Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority Electronics Facility, 1610 Russell Road.  Further information can be obtained by logging on to the Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority’s website, www.goglra.org. or by calling 867-5790.Major appliances, such as refrigerators, freezers, stoves, washers, dryers, etc., can be taken to CSR-Brandywine Recyclers (328 N. 14th Street), Royal Green (620 N. Lincoln Avenue - entrance off of Lehman Street on N. 2nd Avenue) and Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority.  The facilities may pay you for the scrap value of the appliance less the refrigerant removal cost or charge a disposal fee depending on the metal markets.Junk Mail – What goes into your mailbox?  Depends on what you're into.  Direct Marketing Association can help you start getting the mail you want - and stop getting the mail you don't.  If you want to reduce the amount of unsolicited national advertising mail you receive at home, you may sign-up with DMA Choice™ by registering online at www.dmachoice.org or via mail by downloading a registration form and sending a $1.00 check or money order payable to DMA at the address listed below.DMA ChoiceDirect Marketing AssociationP.O. Box 643Carmel, N.Y.  10512For information only call: (212) 768-7277 ext. 1888.
Part Fifteen - Fire Prevention Code
EPA's Residual Designation Authority
Stormwater Rules and Notices
In the construction of the Codified Ordinances the following
Letters of AppreciationThe Lebanon City Police Department is very proud of its employees, both civilian and sworn, especially when they go beyond the call of duty, as they so frequently do.  If you have witnessed an officer or civilian employee who has provided exemplary service then we would like to hear about it.  Letters of appreciation should describe the location and events of the incident along with the officer’s name and badge number (if available). In all cases, the employee and his or her supervisor are made aware of the outstanding performance and a copy of the recognition is placed in the employees personnel file.Although our employees do not expect to be thanked for serving the community, recognition of exceptional service is always appreciated.You may send a letter or note of appreciation to: Lebanon City Police DepartmentChief Bret Fisher735 Cumberland StreetLebanon PA 17042You may also send me an email at bisher@lebanonpa.org
politic, as well as to individuals.
Stormwater
JavaScript appears to be disabled on this computer. Please click here to see any active alerts.
 - City Council
                Modifications, Appeals and Penalty
                Pedestrians
                Terminology
Part Seven - General Offenses Code
Part 1: Administrative Code
Art 1501
Fight Blight Information
                International Fire Code
                Comparative Section Table
Community Organizations
                International Existing Building Code
                Board of Health
                Sewage Enforcement
Budget & Performance
                General Regulations
Contracting
Art 1310
City of Lebanon Authority
                Alcoholic Beverages
Art 711
Art 1711
                Definitions
Third Class City Code. "The Third Class
 
                Floodplain Regulations (Overlay District)
Art 305
Weidle Sanitation Service
 A lock (LockA locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
See the following for additional information:
                Parking Meters
City Programs
City Parking 
the doing of any act is required or the failure to do any act is declared
City Code" means the Pennsylvania Act of June 28, 1951, P.L. 662,
Citizen Complaint Illicit Discharge Reporting Form
Education Information
                                    
Stormwater Maintenance
                Signs
                Garbage and Refuse
                Codification adopted; procedure.
                Title One - Standards Adopted
Buyer Notification Certificates
Primary navigation 
                Title Five - Bureaus, Boards, Commissions, Authorities and Other City Agencies
Codes of Ordinances
Problems with Stormwater Pollution
Art 1103
Codified Ordinances shall be made in conformity with subsections 1014.1(b)
                Smoking Policy
                Elective and Appointive Officials
 - Fight Blight
Donate
Art 926
violator of any such provision or any ordinance shall be fined not
                International Electrical Code
Component codes; short title; citation.  
 > 
the decimal signifying the first section in Article 101 of the Code.
Contact:Public Works Department735 Cumberland StreetLebanon, PA 17042717-639-2800, Option 4
and in the singular include the plural number.
                Earned Income and Net Profits Tax
                Procedures
 Copyright  2023 
                    
                Transient Retail Businesses
Photo Gallery
 - City Parking
incorporated in, and deemed a part of, the Codified Ordinances, so
as follows: each code shall be subdivided into titles, each title
                Dimensional Requirements
An official website of the United States government
City of Lebanon, PA
          Open the table of contents
Discover.
City of Lebanon 735 Cumberland Street,Lebanon, PA 17042717-639-2800cityadmin@lebanonpa.org
Pennsylvania.
Interpretation.  
ordained as the general ordinances of the City revised to 1965 and
Art 721
provision to any other person or circumstances, other than those as
                Reservation of Meter Space
                Council
 - Police Department
Grow Lebanon 2020 Plan
Stormwater Discharges from Construction Activities
                Title Three - Subdivision and Land Development Regulations
(q) Person. "Person" shall extend to and be applied
Qualified Tree Trimmers
Stormwater Flyer
                Stormwater System Discharges
Contact: Community & Economic Development AdministratorJanelle Mendoff jmendoff@lebanonpa.org 717-639-2800 735 Cumberland Street Lebanon, PA 17042 8:30-4:30 Monday – Friday
Stormwater Discharges from Transportation Sources
 - Youth Sports
All NPDES Program Areas
Art 339
be referred to as the "Codified Ordinances"; any component code of
Art 151
Grants
                (Reserved)
Art 525
improved quality of receiving waterbodies,
Art 901
State:Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PA DEP)PA DEP HeadquartersRachel Carson State Office Building400 Market StreetHarrisburg, PA 17101 717-783-2300
County:Lebanon County Clean Water Alliancec/o Lebanon County Planning Department400 S. 8th Street, Room 206Lebanon, PA  17042717-228-4444
NPDES stormwater program areas:
Recommended Shade Trees
Council Meeting
Plain Writing
                Purpose and Objectives
Peddler's License
Art 175
                Short Title and Definitions
Art 733
Art 903
PRC - Pennsylvania Resources Council
Southwest-Optimist Park
Programs
Art 759
Right-to-Know Request Form
E-Waste Recycling Allegheny Co.
Fire Department Information
Art 125
City of Lebanon Zoning Hearing Board
Reduce Junk Mail
Property Maintenance
Art 303
Advanced Auto Parts  (B, O, A)801 Bowman Street717-273-4001Advanced Auto Parts (B & O)1450 Cumberland Street717-306-4201Auto Zone  (B & O)2515 Cumberland Street717-274-8994Auto Zone  (B & O)101 N. 11th Avenue717-228-1900Bambergers Inc.  (B, O, A, T)122 Schneider Drive717-272-6641
Youth Sports
Residential Permit Reference Guide
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) 
 - Code Enforcement
The Codified Ordinances of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, 1965, hereby
Commercial RecyclingPennsylvania's Act 101 and other state laws, effective September 1990, require that all commercial establishments recycle. Fines for not recycling can reach $1,000 per day and per occurrence. It is mandatory for commercial establishments to contract for recycling services when contracting for waste removal. Recyclable materials must be separated from municipal solid waste generated at commercial, institutional and municipal establishments located within the City of Lebanon. Materials to be separated include at minimum the following: PLASTIC #1 & PLASTIC #2NEWSPAPERMIXED OFFICE PAPER (see the paper recycling guide below)CORRUGATED CARDBOARDALUMINUM CANSTIN CANSCLEAR & COLORED GLASS BOTTLES(This requirement does not apply to materials coming into contact with infectious waste.)Starting (and continuing!) your commercial recycling program:Evaluate your waste. Determine what recyclable items you use and the quantity of those items. You may want to designate an employee as a recycling coordinator for your office. Contact your waste hauler. Contact your contracted hauler to set up a recycling schedule and designated area. Keep it simple. Clearly label all containers and place them where they can be easily accessed by everyoneTake pride in doing it.  Set an example. Make sure that materials end up in the proper designated bins.Be environmentally aware.  Look for ways to reduce waste and increase recycling.  Consider buying recycled items and items with environmentally friendly and reduced packaging.  Recycle non-required items to the best of your abilities.  Be creative.Help your community.  Recycling puts money back into our community by way of grant money and this increases the benefits to both our City and our enviornment. City of Lebanon Commercial Waste Paper Recycling GuideOffice paper consists of these materials: Copier paperComputer paperOffice envelopes   (excluding yellow or brown)Window envelopesPost It notesLedger paperColored paperShredded paper        Items that are NOT acceptable in a recycling container:Food and food wrappersCarbon paperNapkins and paper towelsPaper cups and paper platesPadded envelopesTablet backs and bindingsTissuesWax coated paperGlossy paperMake sure paper recycling containers are clearly marked for recycling.Please direct any questions to the City of Lebanon Recycling Coordinator at (717) 639-2800 or to the Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority at (717) 867-5790. 
                Rooming Houses and Boarding Houses
Business Incentives
the instance of such officer, by a deputy or subordinate, unless contrary
Art 709
BuildingThe Building division oversees all construction and repairs to residential and commercial buildings. Construction projects must comply with the following codes:    Uniform Construction Code, contained in 34 Pa. Code, Chapters 401-405, as amended.    International Building Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Residential Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Existing Building Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Mechanical Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Plumbing Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Fuel Gas Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Energy Conservation Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon    International Electrical Code, 2009 Edition, as amended by the City of Lebanon(Please note: all commercial work, other than painting / carpeting, requires a permit)Residential Permit Reference Guide Building/Zoning/Sign Permit 
Art 107
Consolidated Plan for 2020-2024
                Playgrounds; Municipal Pool
Accounts and Finance
 - Home
EPA www Web Snapshot
What 2 Flush
 /
Building and Zoning Information
Household Hazardous Waste Pickup
                Parks
Homebuyer 101 Classes
Lebanon City Council 
Understanding the ProcessA complaint against a police officer may be filed in the following ways:• Call the Lebanon City Police at 717-639-2800 and ask to speak with a supervisor.  If the complaint is against a supervisor, call and ask for the Captain or the Chief.   • You may respond to the police department in person and ask to speak with a supervisor.     • You will be provided with a written complaint form in which you may document your complaint.     • You can receive a complaint form without providing any specifics about the complaint, and one can be mailed to you if you wish. The supervisor may ask your name but you are not required to provide your name to receive the form. You will be required to include your personal information in a returned complaint form.     • Return the form to the Lebanon City Police Department and ask for a supervisor. You may also mail a completed form to the police department.Information in a completed complaint form should include:• Date, time and location of the incident     • Names, badge numbers or vehicle numbers of the officers involved     • Names addresses and phone numbers of any witnesses     • Be as specific as possible
arrow_back
be construed to include any representation of words, letters or figures,
735 Cumberland Street
Lebanontransit.org
Transient Business License
Ch APP3
                Emergency Tow-Away Zones
Art 951
Required Building InspectionsTo assure timely inspections, a 48 hour minimum advance request for inspection is required.Depending on the construction project, one or all of the following listed inspections are required. Footer: A footer inspection is required after excavation and forming are complete- before placing of concrete.    Foundation: A masonry or plain concrete foundation wall is required to be inspected prior to backfill, complete with foundation drain, damproofing or waterproofing, sill plate anchors and before any framing. Required slab insulation must be in place.        All concrete foundation walls are required to be inspected before pouring of concrete, when the forms and reinforcing steel is in place.       A second inspection is required after the forms have been stripped and the damp-roofing has been applied, foundation drain placed, anchor bolts – before framing.    Framing: The framing inspection is required after rough in of plumbing, mechanical, electrical (with a rough wire inspection complete) are in place. The plumbing and supply lines shall be pressurized and ready for inspection. Heating and cooling duct system shall be pressurized and ready for inspection (If required) . All draft stopping and fire blocking shall be in place. Townhouse inspections will now include pre-concealment and final inspections for the required fire sprinkler systems. The inspection is required before insulation or drywall is placed!    Wall Board: The wall covering inspection is required after placing the drywall / wall covering and before taping or compounding over joints.Final: The final inspection is required before occupancy and after the final electrical inspection has been performed by a third party agency. The structure shall be in full compliance with the Construction Code as adopted by the Municipality under which the permit is issued. The Construction Code Permit includes the certificate of occupancy and is required to be presented to the Building Code Official at the time of final inspection.Building Code OfficialThe City’s Building Code Official is Commonwealth Code Inspection Services, Inc.  They are under contract to provide residential and non-residential construction code activities. Any questions regarding plan review comments and/or to schedule a construction inspection should be directed to Andrew Nelson at 1-800-732-0043.
Waste Management Inc.
Menu
Art 105
NPDES Home
                Title Nine – Municipal Claims and Liens
                Carbon Monoxide Alarms
Art 737
White House
Art 123
into sections, which shall be numbered in accordance with the decimal
(o) Oath. "Oath" includes affirmation. When an
Email
Part Nine - Streets, Utilities and Public Services Code
may be taken by a person having conscientious scruples to taking an
Aquaculture
Contact:Duane TrautmanDirector of Public Safety and Fire ChiefDTrautman@lebanonpa.org 717-639-2800735 Cumberland StreetLebanon, PA 17042 8:30-4:30 Monday – FridayDial 911 anytime for an emergency.Remember when dialing 911, remain calm and answer all questions as quickly as possible. Accurate and timely information is important in coordinating an appropriate emergency response.
                Title Five - Pedestrians and Bicycles
Board of Health
Art 1707
Related Links:Meeting MinutesMeeting Agendas
About NPDES
 News Date:Monday, May 15, 2023
Terms of Use
                                Business
to law or to the clear intent of any such particular provision.
                Paid Firemen's Pension Fund
Part Nineteen - Housing Code
  NPDES Stormwater Program
Departments
Street Mural Application
Art 301
                General penalty.
Art 1381
Events
Northeast Playground
(p) Owner. "Owner", when applied to property,
                Establishing Escrow Procedures for Payment of Fire Insurance Proceeds
                Loitering to Violate Drug Laws
                                Government
Contact EPA
Meeting Minutes
Recycling & Waste Reduction Program
§ 101.03
Art 313
means the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
conservation of water resources,
The NPDES stormwater program regulates some stormwater discharges from three potential sources: municipal separate storm sewer systems (MS4s), construction activities, and industrial activities. Operators of these sources might be required to obtain an NPDES permit before they can discharge stormwater. This permitting mechanism is designed to prevent stormwater runoff from washing harmful pollutants into local surface waters.
Economic Development Strategic Plan: Grow Lebanon 2020 Economic PlanThe Grow Lebanon 2020 Plan is a product of considerable research and stakeholder engagement. The process began in the fall of 2014 with a “kick off” meeting and site visit. The Fourth Economy Team joined with City officials and staff to tour the City’s neighborhoods, parks, development areas and central business district. Previous planning documents and other background literature were assembled and reviewed by the consulting team.Several focus group meetings took place with industry representatives, developers, education officials and economic development organizations. A community survey was also administered, allowing for broader feedback from the residency-at-large while numerous phone interviews rounded out the data collection process.Fourth Economy and Civitas Consultants prepared summary finding memos at regular intervals throughout the process along with formal statistical reports that included an economic structure analysis and business improvement district strategy report. Portions of the economic structure analysis are summarized in the following sections and the full business improvement district report is provided as an addendum.Together these activities resulted in a solid understanding of the challenges, market conditions, opportunities and priorities that shaped the formation of the Grow Lebanon 2020 Plan.Mayor Capello and the Grow Lebanon Revitalization Committee continually strive to accomplish the priorities and action items established in the plan.
                Part 17: Building Code
by their number, such as Section 101.01.
                Property Tax and Residence Tax
shall be published, and legal advertisement of the contents of the
Citizen Resources:Commend an OfficerComplaints Against Police OfficersMegan’s Law WebsiteNIXLESeat Belt – Child Safety Seats
Electronic Waste
numbering system. The numbering of all sections, except the penalty
Municipal Sources
more than $300 and/or be imprisoned not more than 90 days. Each day's
Art 1105
or any part of a building or land, alone or with others.
Mayor’s Office
                                Employment 
Public Transit 
§ 101.01
                Title Three - Parking
                International Plumbing Code
Log in
General penalty.  
City of Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
                Using This Ordinance: an Overview
Art 170
flood control.
(k) Joint Authority. Words giving authority to
                Cruising
Art 1383
Search
                Land Bank
(w) State or Commonwealth. "State" or "Commonwealth"
                Allowed Uses in Primarily Residential Districts
 News Date:Thursday, February 9, 2023
Welcome to the City's Stormwater Management Information page. This page is designed to provide City residents with quick access to information and resources to preserve and protect clean water in the City and the Lebanon County community. The City of Lebanon is actively involved in a variety of programs and initiatives to meet various Statewide and National goals for clean water. Local residents have a role to play too, which when combined together will have a positive impact on our environment and the water that is so important to us all.Property owners in the City of Lebanon received invoices from Keystone Collections for the stormwater management fee which was recently implemented by municipalities throughout the county. In an effort to help our residents better understand the Stormwater Management Fee Program, please click on the following links to read information about the history and purpose of the implementation of the stormwater fee.  Stormwater Informational FlyerStormwater Frequently Asked QuestionsStormwater Annual NewsletterStormwater originates from rainfall and other precipitation that runs off of surfaces all over the City - rooftops, streets, construction sites, lawns, fields, etc.  Stormwater makes its way into swales, storm drains, natural water courses and it literally takes everything loose on the ground with it when it rains...pollutants, sediment, leaves, trash, etc. The City of Lebanon is actively involved in meeting statutory permitting requirements under state and federal law. The City is also active with partners in a variety of programs and strategies to enhance water quality through plantings, mowing strategies, implementation of stormwater management facilities and other "best management practices" (BMPs). We hope that you will find this information useful in learning about the requirements as well as tools to use on your own.Storm Water Management - NPDES and MS4 ProgramsThe Clean Water Act is the federal legislation that governs stormwater management. Stormwater point discharges to waters of the U.S. (pipes and drain pipes) are regulated using National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permits. In 1999, federal regulations extended coverage of the NPDES program to local separate storm sewer systems (MS4’s) serving populations less than 100,000. The City of Lebanon is required to comply with the NPDES program as a MS4 municipality.  Under the NPDES stormwater program, permittees must develop a stormwater management plan that provides the details of how the community will comply with the requirements of the permit. Permits are based on a framework of six minimum control measures:Public education and outreachPublic participation and involvement Illicit discharge detection and elimination Construction site runoff control Post-construction storm water management in new development and redevelopment Pollution prevention and good housekeeping for municipal operations and maintenance More information on this program is available from the Pennsylvania DEP website (See Links Below). Quick Reference Links on Storm Water ManagementThere are a variety of documents and guides available on the City website and from other sources that you will find useful in learning about stormwater management and best management practices for construction, residential homes and business. For documents related to stormwater management, check out these links below: Maintaining Private BMP's located within the CityPennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)Stormwater Discharges From Municipal Separate Storm Sewer Systems (MS4s) SiteEPA's Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Loads (TMDL) Pennsylvania Stormwater Best Management Practices ManualNPDES Stormwater Program OverviewNPDES Stormwater Basic InformationPA DEP – Bureau of Watershed ManagementClean Water Alliance Rack CardLebanon County Clean Water AllianceWhat Residents Can Do Now The goals of all MS4 programs and the City are to reduce the discharge of pollutants from the City of Lebanon, to protect water quality and to satisfy requirements of the Clean Water Act. Get involved. Stormwater from your home and from the public streets goes into a storm sewer, which goes directly into streams. This water is not cleaned in any way and does not go to the waste water treatment plant. The City needs all of its residents to assist us in keeping our stormwater and stormwater sewer system clean by doing the following:Never dump anything down storm drains and report anyone who does. Pick up after your pet and dispose of their waste properly – DO NOT throw their waste into storm drains.Do not discharge chlorinated pool water down storm drains or directly into the creek.Check your car for leaks and recycle motor oil.Take your car to the car wash instead of washing it in the driveway. Sweep up the grass clippings after mowing your lawn.Do not blow or pile leaves into the streets that may eventually clog storm drains (with exception of the weekend prior to scheduled leaf pickup dates).Use pesticides and fertilizers sparingly, avoiding excess to prevent polluted runoff.Seed or vegetate bare spots in your lawn to prevent soil erosion.Compost your yard waste.Dispose of your hazardous wastes properly. The Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority (GLRA) offers several household hazardous waste drop-off events throughout the year. Direct downspouts away from paved surfaces. Install innovative stormwater practices that can help capture stormwater and keep it on site to use for gardening purposes or let it infiltrate back into the groundwater. See www.prc.org for information on Rain Barrels.Educate your relatives and neighbors on proper stormwater stewardship.Please call the Public Works Department at (717) 639-2800 to report any discharges from stormwater outfalls during times of dry weather, a sign there could be a problem with the storm sewer system.Also, please monitor stormwater inlets near your property. No one should dump anything into the storm sewer system. If you see someone dumping please call the Public Works Department at (717) 639-2800 or complete the Citizen Complaint Illicit Discharge Reporting Form and submit to our office in person or by fax at (717)274-2482.This would include the following:Sediment leaving a construction site in stormwaterSpills (Chemical, Gas, Oil)Illegal dumping activity into streams or storm sewers (PLEASE CALL 911 FIRST)Dry weather flows from outfall pipes into streams (72 hours after a rain storm) Again, residents may be the first to recognize "illicit" discharges such as dumping into storm sewers or coming out of from storm sewer outfalls. If you see an "illicit" discharge please report that to the Public Works Department by calling (717) 639-2800.
News & Blog
Art 345
                International Energy Conservation Code
Art 1107
Zero Waste Rental Service
What is Blight?Blighted property shall include: Any premises which because of physical condition, use or occupancy is considered an attractive nuisance to children, including but not limited to abandoned wells, shafts, basements, excavations, and unsafe fences or structures.Any dwelling which because it is dilapidated, unsanitary, unsafe, vermin-infested or lacking in the facilities and equipment required by the housing code of the municipality, has been designated by the department responsible for enforcement of the code as unfit for human habitation.Any structure which is a fire hazard, or is otherwise dangerous to the safety of persons or property.Any structure from which the utilities, plumbing, heating, sewerage or other facilities have been disconnected, destroyed, removed, or rendered ineffective so that the property is unfit for its intended use.Any vacant or unimproved lot or parcel of ground in a predominantly built-up-neighborhood, which by reason of neglect or lack of maintenance has become a place for accumulation of trash and debris, or a haven for rodents or other vermin.Any unoccupied property which has been tax delinquent for a period of two years prior to the effective date of this act, and those in the future having a two year tax delinquency.Any property which is vacant but not tax delinquent, which has not been rehabilitated within one year of the receipt of notice to rehabilitate from the appropriate code enforcement agency.Any abandoned property. A property shall be considered abandoned if:it is a vacant or unimproved lot or parcel of ground on which a municipal lien for the cost of demolition of any structure located on the property remains unpaid for a period of six months;it is a vacant property or vacant or unimproved lot or parcel of ground on which the total of municipal liens on the property for tax or any other type of claim of the municipality are in excess of 150% of the fair market value of the property as established by the Board of Revisions of Taxes or other body with legal authority to determine the taxable value of the property; orThe property has been declared abandoned by the owner, including an estate that is in possession of the property.Fight Blight Tool KitCode Enforcement – Lebanon’s Code Enforcement officers work hand in hand with a broad array of complementary public and private improvements, investments, and services, to prevent the deterioration of Lebanon’s aging housing stock; enhance quality of life; arrest blight and eliminate deteriorating conditions; stimulate revitalization, strengthen property values, and facilitate safer, more sanitary dwelling units.Land Bank – The mission of the City of Lebanon Land Bank is to promote local and regional growth and improvement by returning vacant, blighted, and/or tax delinquent properties to the mainstream real estate market in a manner consistent with municipal and county policies and with the downtown and neighborhood reinvestment strategies.Homeowner Rehabilitation Program – The City of Lebanon Housing Rehabilitation Program provides financial assistance through grants and loans to qualified low-moderate income homeowners to complete basic home repairs. The goal of the program is to preserve the housing supply in Lebanon City.
Snow Information
Contact:735 Cumberland Street, 1st floorLebanon, PA 17042(717) 639-2800Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Sitemap
EPA – Region 3 (Philadelphia District) Office
                Delinquent Accounts
Financial Statements FY 2021
        
The Lebanon City Police Department is a full service department providing 24 hour police services to the many citizens and visitors of the City of Lebanon.  The department has 41 sworn police officers, four administrative civilian employees and manages fifteen civilian crossing guards.The Department includes the following DivisionsPatrol DivisionCanine UnitBicycle UnitDetective Division (Criminal Investigations)Administrative/Community Relations DivisionSupport Services DivisionRecords SectionThe Police Department’s main objectives include the reduction of crime and fear of crime, the apprehension and successful prosecution of offenders, the enforcement of traffic and parking laws, the reduction of traffic accidents and having a highly visible presence in the community and at community events.
 - Stormwater Management
Ask.
Art 160
E-Waste Recycling Eastern PA
Art 1503
		Site By Fireman Creative
Housing Board of Appeals
(u) Reasonable Time. In all cases where provision
Impaired Waters on the 303(d) List
Art 1706
a section so held to be invalid.
Art 335
Art 1305
                Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Equipment
    § 101.02
Pre-Council Meeting 
                  Code
means and includes persons, firms, associations, corporations, clubs
(z) Tenses. The use of any verb in the present
Art 1387
(d) City and Municipality. "City" and "Municipality"
Christopher Miller- Councilmember
              Laws & Regulations
Art 1513
Building and Zoning
Commend and Officer
Related links:Buyer Notification CertificatesCode EnforcementEating and Drinking LicensesRental Licensing
remaining sections or parts of sections and the application of such
Business Resources Information
Nature Camp
Adopted Budget 2022
Lebanon Valley College, in Annville, Pa., provides an exceptional learning experience to undergraduates, graduate students, and online learners, all of whom benefit from a highly student-centered approach and curriculum that builds the communication, creative, critical thinking, and analytical skills employers seek.With 1,651 full-time undergraduate students, 118 full-time faculty, 40+ majors, and a 10:1 student-faculty ratio, students receive personal attention, hands-on learning and internship opportunities, and, through the Breen Center for Graduate Success, career guidance matched to their developmental needs—starting in their first year. Signature academic programs include the six-year doctor of physical therapy, five-year master’s in athletic training, five-year master’s in speech-language pathology, biology, chemistry, accounting/MBA 3+1, digital communications, and one of the best actuarial science programs in the country. Online and graduate programs include an MBA with four concentrations, a master in music education, a modern band certificate, a master of science in STEM education, and an integrative STEM education certificate.The 357-acre residential campus is a safe community with facilities that feature advanced instrumentation, technology, and equipment. The College’s new $20 million Jeanne and Edward H. Arnold Health Professions Pavilion includes labs the caliber of those found at research universities. An expansive athletic complex supports the 26 Flying Dutchmen varsity athletic teams, including co-ed eSports, the first such team established in Pennsylvania. Students can choose from more than 95 clubs and organizations, including the Middle Atlantic Conference’s largest marching band, and numerous study abroad and service opportunities.LVC is listed as #1 among all U.S. colleges and universities in “The Best Colleges in Each State for Getting a Job 2018,” based on federal data analyzed by the career-guidance site Zippia.com. The College’s four-year graduation rate is among the top 10% of all schools in the U.S. It is located 15 minutes east of Hershey and 35 minutes east of Harrisburg. Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., and Baltimore are within two hours’ drive.Learn more at www.lvc.edu
                International Building Code
Art 1708
 - Parks & Recreation
Your Complaint is ImportantThe Lebanon City Police Department is committed to providing the highest level of police services to the members of the community.  Policing is a very difficult and complex job in today’s society and we understand that services provided by our police officers may fall short of a person’s expectations.The members of the Lebanon City Police Department are aware of the important responsibilities and duties they have as public servants. We must maintain trust and integrity in the community. The Lebanon City Police Department operates under the constitutional guarantees afforded to everyone and under the laws that govern us.  The courteous receipt of complaints, thorough and impartial investigations, and fair dispositions to the complaints are important in maintaining the confidence of our citizens.
                Codified Ordinances
the Codified Ordinances may be referred to by its name, such as the
(s) Premises. "Premises", when used as applicable
Housing Rehabilitaion Program
Ch APP1
    Article 101
Building and Zoning 
Art 110
Part Seventeen - Building Code
Become a Volunteer
Art 741
Business Financing OptionsSmall Business Administration (SBA) 504 Small Business Administration (SBA) 504 loans provide businesses with access to subordinate long-term capital to assist with the acquisition, expansion or refinancing of real estate and equipment. BenefitsAssists growing businesses with subordinate long-term, fixed-rate financing Finances major fixed assets such as land, building, and equipment Long-term rates not typically found at commercial banks, 10 or 20-year fixed rate option Retain working capital with minimal equity injection. Equity injection as low as 10% Attractive to banks as a risk mitigator Primary lender is typically financing 50% of project costs in a first line position. SBA 504 loans provide up to 40% of the financing behind the primary lender. SBA 504 Refinance Assists businesses with restricting long-term, fixed-rate financing Offers straight refinancing up to 90% LTV; cash out refinancing up to 85%LTV Small Business First (SBF) Provides growing businesses of 100 employees or fewer with incentive financing for major fixed assets such as land, building, and equipment PA Industrial Development Authority (PIDA) Low interest loan financing for land and business acquisition, construction and renovation projects that result in the creation or retention of jobs. Available to any size business Community First Fund Provide financing up to $750,000 to both start up and growth of small businesses Business loan products fall into two categories: Small Business Loans and Microenterprise Loans Commercial real estate loans New market tax credit programTax Abatement ProgramsLERTA The Local Economic Revitalization Tax Abatement (LERTA)   program   provides five year phased out exemptions on new development from all three taxing entities: school district, city, and county. The exemption is 100% for three years, and 50% for the following two. The program applies to industrial, commercial and retail-related new construction and major rehabilitation projects on properties located on both sides of Cumberland Street, and the entire City limits north of Cumberland Street. KOZs Keystone Opportunity Zones (KOZ) are specific commercial or industrial areas with a greatly reduced tax burden for property owners and businesses. Businesses that locate in designated KOZ parcels are eligible to have no City, School District, or County property taxes levied on new development for a period up to 10 years. There are currently two Keystone Opportunity Zone sites available in the City. Please contact the City of Lebanon for more details and locations. 
Parades and Public Event Permit
Part Eleven - Public Health Code
oath. An affirmation has the same force and effect as an oath.
    § 101.99
                Food Code
                                        Home
Art 519
arrangement and plan set forth in the original Codified Ordinances
National Research Council Report on Urban Stormwater
Police and Fire Civil Service Commission
Commitments to Racial Equity
 - Rental Property Information
                Part 7: General Offenses Code
Rain Barrels, Gardens, & Watersheds
Art 173
                Municipal Employees' Retirement System
Meeting Agendas
Recycled Paper Cooperative
                Mall Streets
                Sewer Rentals
Coleman Park Board of Trustees 
Community & Economic Development
whether by printing or otherwise.
Part Thirteen - Zoning Code
		
Environmental Protection Agency – Region 3 (Philadelphia District) Office1650 Arch StreetPhiladelphia, PA 19103 800-438-2474  
Public Works
Jobs
Register
DEP Recycling Homepage
the first section of Article 101, which shall be numbered 101.01,
§ 101.05
Art 909
to associations, clubs, corporations, firms, partnerships and bodies
Help
                  
Art 515
Art 1312
Southeast Playground
(a) Adopting Ordinance. "Adopting Ordinance" means
§ 101.99
Art 111
                Title One - Traffic Regulations
Ordinances shall be integrated therewith by following the form of
Art 155
                Lerta
Commend an Officer

                Part 15: Fire Prevention Code
Art 717
                Stormwater Management
                Health, Safety and Sanitation
                International Fuel Gas Code
                Abandonment of Motor Vehicles
of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, 1965".
within which an act is to be done or a period is to expire shall be
Pennsylvania, and this Article 101.
Codification adopted; procedure.  
Progressive Playground
mean the City of Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
Fight Blight
Act 101 and Recycling in PA: Past, Present & Future
Southwest Park
                Interpretation.
Codes Of Ordinances Information
Ch APP2
                Peddlers
oath is required or authorized by law, an affirmation in lieu thereof
                Sewer District No. SS-1-70
Electronics
of the article.
                Floodplain Management
or any part of such property.
Fire Department
alleys, avenues, boulevards, lanes, roads, streets and other public
Board of Directors
Art 1303
Beautex Playground
Community First FundLending, financing, business plan & general business counseling.51 South Duke Street, Suite 400Lancaster, PA 17602717-393-2351info@communityfirstfund.orghttps://communityfirstfund.org/Lebanon Valley Economic Development CorporationFinancing and general counseling.16 Lebanon Valley ParkwayLebanon, PA 17042717-274-3180seberly@lvedc.orghttps://www.lvedc.org/The CENTER for Entrepreneurial Excellence  Provides technical assistance, business support services, and links to regional resources to help start-ups and existing entrepreneurs. 989 Quentin Road,Lebanon PA, 17042717-675-2255info@thecenterlebanon.org. https://www.thecenterlebanon.org/
                Component codes; short title; citation.
Art 920
Stormwater Discharges from Industrial Activities
Art 1704
Art 501
Art 169
Ch APP6
                Wastewater Collection and Treatment
USA.gov
Follow.
    § 101.05
and copartnerships, whether acting by themselves or as a servant,
PA One Stop Shop
Useful Links:Mission StatementPolice ManualCommitments to Racial EquitySafe Policing for Safe Communities CertificationStarting A Community Conversation - November 2020
Art 1514
Some examples, which require a building permit, include, but are not limited to:
agent or employee.
Mayor's Proposed Budget 2023
2022 Zero Waste Non-Event
See Full Calendar
Table of Contents
CDBG-CV Funding Application
What is enforced by the City of Lebanon Department of Public Safety:City Codified Ordinances, which include the International Property Maintenance Code, International Fire Code, and other codes which address health & safety issues, blight and graffiti abatement. Sanitation and Housing Inspectors: William Christner, Assistant Sanitation/Housing Inspector:  717-639-2800Gerald Fisch, Assistant Sanitation/Housing Inspector: 717-639-2800April Henning, Assistant Sanitation/Housing Inspector:  717-639-2800John Johnson, Assistant Sanitation/Housing Inspector:  717-639-2800Daniel Milusnic, Assistant Sanitation/Housing Inspector:  717-639-2800Glenn Yanos, Code Enforcement Officer: 717-639-2800                                                                                                                                                                                           There have been numerous reports nationwide of impersonations of housing inspectors. You have the right to request photo identification of any of the City Public Safety personnel.Types of violation notifications:Instant violation notification (door hanger)Ticket (Instant citation)Formal Notice of ViolationNon-traffic citationRepeat offender fines and costsThe type of notification issued and the compliance date specified depend on the nature of the violation and/or previous violations.
Stormwater Management Information
PRC BLOG
                                Services
Privacy Policy
Art 1511
In January 1994, the City of Lebanon made the transition from the Commission form of government to a Home Rule Strong Mayor/Council form of government.   Pursuant to the City of Lebanon Home Rule Charter, the Mayor serves as the Chief Executive and Administrative Officer of the City of Lebanon and the official head of the Lebanon City Government.   The legislative powers of the City of Lebanon are vested in Council.Council is comprised of five members, elected at large, with members serving a four year term.  Council acts as a body to make decisions in the best interest of the government and its constituents.   At the annual Re-organization meeting held in January, Council elects a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson.  The Chairperson serves as the presiding officer at meetings.All meetings of Lebanon City Council are open to the public. Persons wishing to address Council at the Pre-Council or Council meeting can submit written requests to the City Clerk one week prior to the meeting.
NPDES Technical Resources
                Title Three - Utilities
                General Provisions
Art 1713
NPDES Stormwater Basic Information
What is the difference between a dwelling unit and a rooming house unit?A dwelling unit has separate rooms including a kitchen and bathroom. A rooming house unit either shares bathroom facilities, kitchen or both with other renters.If the unit is vacant, must I still register?Yes, if it is available for rent.If the apartment house is vacant and for sale, must I still register?Yes, unless proof of vacancy is provided.I own the dwelling and live in one apartment and rent the other. Must I register both?No, just register the unit that you rent.My son (or other family/friend) owns the house where I live and I do not pay rent. Must he/she register it?Yes.Must I re-register every time occupants change?Notify the City in writing of any changes in the number or names of occupants age 18 or older within 30 days after a change. Where must the license be displayed?The owner may display the license or not, but it must be readily produced when requested by a City inspector or a potential tenant.What is the penalty for not registering?A fine of $1,000.00 and the building is marked as condemned until a registration is received.If my rental unit is Section 8, must I still register with the City?Yes Do I need a lease for each unit?Yes, but the City does not need a copy of the lease.Under what conditions do I need a property manager (other than myself)?If you do not reside within 20 miles of the City of Lebanon, you must have a property manger.How often must I register, and by when?Yearly
Become a Volunteer Firefighter
                Central Business District Authority
Protecting Water Quality from Urban Runoff
Art 1377
arrow_forward
Board of Health Meeting
Share
"Traffic Code", and sections of the Codified Ordinances may be cited
Economic Development Incentive Programs:The City of Lebanon utilizes the Keystone Opportunity Zone (KOZ) and Local Economic Revitalization Tax Abatement (LERTA) incentives to encourage improvements, rehabilitation and new construction in certain designated areas in the City of Lebanon.Local Economic Revitalization Tax Abatement:The Local Economic Revitalization Tax Abatement (LERTA) was created in the City of Lebanon to improve the economic and business climate of certain residential and commercial districts by lessening the tax burden on new development.   Whatever amount is being paid on taxes before a LERTA – whether it is taxes paid on vacant land or on an existing building – that tax bill would remain the same.  The program provides phased out exemptions from all three taxing entities:  city school district, city, and county.   The exemption is 100 percent in years 1-3; and 50 percent years 4-5.   The program applies to commercial and retail-related new construction and rehabilitation projects on properties located on both sides of Cumberland Street, north to the city line.Keystone Opportunity Zones:Keystone Opportunity Zones (KOZ) are geographic areas that can provide specific state and local tax benefits.   The goal of the KOZ program is to revive economically distressed urban and rural communities with one of the most powerful market-based incentives - reducing and/or eliminating taxes.   Businesses that locate in designated KOZ parcels are eligible to have the tax burden reduced through exemptions, deductions, abatements and credits.   For a complete list and more information, please click here.    There is currently one Keystone Opportunity Zone site in the City, as follows:Schneider Drive - Lots 2 and 8  This lot is located on the south side of Schneider Drive near the Lebanon Transit Park and Ride facility.   It is slightly over two acres and on a site where Bethlehem Steel once was located.   The lot has since been cleared and is vacant.   It is in close proximity to Route 72 and Route 422.
North Side Neighborhood
Art 129
Art 1302
City Parking
Skip to main content
Art 1373
                Planning Commission
                Bureau of Fire: Career and Volunteer Divisions
                Taxis and Buses
Lebanon County Clean Water Alliance
Zero Waste Event Services
              About EPA
                Amusements
Art 1385
a street between the curb line and the adjacent property line, intended
Art 1308
Joseph Morales- Chairperson
an offense, or whenever in the Codified Ordinances or in any ordinance
includes rights and easements of incorporeal nature.
Art 907
Art 307
Art 1916
Clean Water Alliance Rack Card
                Weapons
Server Error
Art 156
includes "and" if the sense so requires.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
PurposeThe Community and Economic Development Office (“CEDO”) is a self-sufficient department, and acts as the grants administration arm of the City of Lebanon.  The CEDO identifies grant programs that could provide sources of support for a variety of community and economic development initiatives and aggressively pursues these funds. The administrator is responsible for administering these grants, taking care to allocate funds to activities that best address important community and economic development needs and ensuring compliance with their regulations. The CEDO will serve all citizens striving to make Lebanon a better place.  The CEDO encourages citizen participation in our program and works closely with other governmental agencies and private nonprofit organizations to ensure effective collaboration and collective problem-solving.
Here’s how you know
                Required Improvements and Design Standards
HACC Lebanon Campus
Part Five - Traffic Code
                Plans and Plats
Lebanon School District
Art 1517
Industrial Activities
Art 1304
Ch CST
Shade Tree Commission
thereof, unless otherwise specifically provided.
                                        Who to Call
Police Department Information
read more
Subscribe
                Commercial Structure Code
Ch DL
Household Chemical Collection Events
Art 121
Art 931
if the last be Sunday, it shall be excluded. If time is expressed
Street Sweeping
Education
Art 1701
                Lebanon Authority
                Administration
Lebanon City Council
(b) All amendments and supplements enacted as a part of the Codified
in this section, words and phrases shall be construed according to
Current Projects
                Part 19: Housing Code
                Public Indecency
Art 167
                Residential Rental Licensing and Inspection
for the use of pedestrians, excluding parkways.
(y) Tenant or Occupant. "Tenant" or "occupant",
Art 1905
                Streets and Sidewalks
Right-to-Know Policy
                Taxpayers' Bill of Rights
adopted, shall be comprised of the following component parts:
Desktop View
Pharmaceuticals
Art 507
and any mixed and lesser estates or interests therein. "Personal property"
Penalty sections shall be designated ".99" and shall be the last section
rules shall control, excepting those inconsistent with the manifest
Glass Recycling Programs
Lens on Litter Contest
                Personnel System
for the prompt performance of such act or giving of such notice.
§ 101.04
Traditional stormwater management approaches that rely on peak flow storage have generally not targeted pollutant reduction and can exacerbate problems associated with changes in hydrology and hydraulics.
(e) Conjunctions. "And" includes "or" and "or"
Responsive View
Transportation Sources
Water Quality Trading
Art 725
Monday, May 22, 2023
Sign up for emails
(h) Fire Department or Fire Bureau. "Fire Department"
PRC’s E-Steward Certification
or "Fire Bureau" means the Bureau of Fire of the City of Lebanon,
Battery Warehouse  (B)1307 Cumberland Street717-273-8884Blouch's Mobile  (O) 1730 North Highway 72717-273-7677Campbell’s Service Center (B,A,T)157 N. 9th Street     717-273-4662Curt's Auto Service  (B & O)847 Cornwall Road717-270-1800CSR - Brandywine  (B)328 North 14th Street717-272-4655
Art 509
Pennsylvania Stormwater Best Management Practices Manual
(a) The ordinances of the City of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, of a general
Open Government
Business Incentives 
Lebanon Valley Chamber of CommerceEducation, resources, and services to the businesses.604 Cumberland StreetLebanon, PA 17042-5272717-273-3727https://www.lvchamber.orgU.S. Small Business AdministrationBusiness plan counseling, financing, and general counseling.Philadelphia District Office1150 First Avenue Suite 1001, Parkview TowerKing of Prussia, PA 19406610-382-3080https://www.sba.gov/PA Business One-Stop ShopKnowledge, information, and resources for businesses.Commonwealth Keystone Building400 North Street, 4th FloorHarrisburg, PA 171201-833-722-6778https://www.business.pa.govIRSTax information for businesses.https://www.irs.gov/businesses
is made for an act to be done or notice to be given within a "reasonable
Nature Camp at Stoever's Dam Park scheduled for June 26-28.....
                Floodplains by Zone Map
                Abandoned Refrigerators
Staff Directory
                Wells
Boards, Commissions, and Authorities Home
Art 705
sections, shall be consecutive within each article commencing with
Additional Recycling InformationLeaf Pick-up – Each fall the City of Lebanon picks up leaves curbside from mid/late October to early December.  Exact dates will be published via public service announcements, City newsletters and the city website.   Residents are requested to abide by the following guidelines for leaf collection: Leaves shall be placed curbside one foot from curb line so as to not hinder stormwater run-off.Vehicles should park at least 10 feet from leaf piles.  Leaves under vehicles will not be removed and could cause a fire hazard.Do not mix branches, grass, ornamental grass, garbage, bricks or concrete block in with the leaves.Do not bag leaves.Only place leaves in the street just prior to your scheduled collection day.  Crews will do their best to adhere to the posted schedule, however, the volume of leaves, weather and equipment failure may cause a delay.   Do not place leaves out after the end of the fall leaf pickup season.  Placement of leaves in the streets after the last scheduled pickup date results in unsightly streetscapes, and with the onset of winter and snowfall, create very difficult conditions.  Additionally, in mid-December focus is shifted to ready equipment for snow and ice removal operations.  However, residents may continue to take leaves to the City's yard waste facility after the last leaf pickup. Questions regarding leaf pick up should be directed to the Department of Public Works at 717-639-2800. Yard Waste Pick-Up – In the spring and fall of each year, generally in April and in October, the City will collect yard waste curbside.  Exact dates will be published via public service announcements, City newsletters and our web site. While we ask that residents have their yard waste placed curbside by the first day of collection, city crews will be working the entire week collecting yard waste.  Once an area is cleaned, no additional materials may be placed curbside for collection. Yard waste materials must be placed in the street, 1 foot from the curb for collection. Vehicles must be parked at least 10 feet from the yard waste piles to allow room for city equipment to maneuver while cleaning up the yard waste. Branches longer than 6 feet in length cannot be accepted. Please do not block the storm sewers when placing items curbside for collection.Do not place materials curbside until the weekend prior to collection. In case of rain, this will help prevent the chance of materials being washed into the catch basins and clogging the storm sewers. Do not place materials curbside after our crew has passed your street. Our crew will make one pass by each street.Collection will include hedge trimmings, branches and garden residue. (Lawn grass, ornamental grass and non-organic materials will not be picked up.  Please do not place bricks, pavers and other similar items in the piles.  Crews cannot see those items under the piles and the items could damage city equipment.City residents unable to participate in curbside collection may purchase an access card for the City of Lebanon Yard Waste Recycling Facility located at 893 N. 8th Street.   The initial fee for a yearly residential access card is $40.00.  The annual renewal fee is $35.00.  The annual fee for an access card for commercial use (including landscapers) is $500.00 (one card per account).  Card sharing is NOT permitted.    There is a $25.00 fee for replacement of misplaced or lost cards. For more information please call the Department of Public Works at 717-639-2800.Bulk Waste Drop-Off – In the fall, generally around September of each year, the City may schedule a specific quadrant of the City for a Neighborhood Clean-Up Program.  This program affords citizens the opportunity to discard bulk items that may present a sanitation and/or fire hazard. Residents are responsible to deposit acceptable materials in roll-off containers that will be placed within the City of Lebanon Yard Waste Drop off Center, located at 893 North 8th Street. The facility normally will be open during the hours of  11AM and 6PM during the project. Resident must provide proof that they live within the area designated for clean up purposes, i.e. driver’s license. Residents are not to put items curbside before or after the designated dates of the clean up. Items placed curbside after the scheduled clean up or outside the designated clean up area will not be picked up and residents will receive a fine for illegal dumping.Residents are only to put items curbside if they are unable to transport materials to drop off location.We only accept car tires, no oversized tires. The following items will NOT be accepted:Electronics – The GLRA has a free electronics drop off center. For more information call 717-867-5790.Pesticides, Herbicides and Insecticides (Household Hazardous Waste – 1-800-449-7587).Paint in liquid form (remove lids and dry out or mix with absorbent such as cat litter or sand).Household garbage, food waste and clothingItems generally placed out for disposal on a weekly basisRecyclable items – Take all recyclable items to the City recycling center located in the vicinity of 14th and Lehman Streets.Cardboard Commercial tiresWhite goods (refer to Household Hazardous Waste below)Fluorescent Light Bulbs – Fluorescent light bulbs are considered hazardous waste. The GLRA accepts a maximum of ten bulbs. Residents can purchase a kit for the disposal of florescent light bulbs at https://lamprecycling.veoliaes.com/storeB.O.A.T. Recyclers  (B =  Batteries   O =  Motor Oil   A = Antifreeze   T = Tires) – The following is a list of local “B.O.A.T.” recyclers within and near the City of Lebanon.  On average there is a $2.00 per tire charge associated with tires.  Batteries and oil are generally taken free of charge.
ProgramsAmerican Rescue Plan Act:The American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) is a $1.9 trillion federal aid package passed by Congress in March 2021 to provide financial aid to families, governments, businesses, schools, non-profits and others impacted by the pandemic.  Of that $1.9 trillion, $350 billion is going to state and local governments as part of the Fiscal Recovery Fund.ARPA provides a substantial infusion of resources to eligible state, local, territorial, and tribal governments to help reverse the negative impacts of the pandemic, address its economic fallout, and lay the foundation for a strong recovery.  ARPA funding builds a bridge toward economic improvement and provides vital support to communities in crisis.In May 2022, the City of Lebanon awarded $1 million in ARPA grants to non-profits to assist in programs that respond to the public health emergency or its negative impact on the community.   Please click here to review the list of awarded non-profits.On August 31, 2022, the City of Lebanon held a public meeting regarding three additional ARPA-funded city projects.  Those projects include the Cumberland Streetscape, Liberty Trail Park, and Storm Sewer Improvements.   To review the information presented at the meeting, please click here.Community Development Block Grant (CDBG):The City of Lebanon, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania is designated as an urban area and therefore is an entitlement community under the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).  The City of Lebanon receives an annual appropriation of CDBG funds.  In order to participate in the CDBG Program, the City of Lebanon contractually agrees to implement the local CDBG Program in accordance with the Housing and Community Development Act (HCD) of 1974, as amended, and the CDBG Program Regulations found in 24 CFR Part 570.  In addition, all CDBG funds are subject to the regulations found in OMB Circulars A-110 and A-122, as well as, various other Federal Acts.   Please click on the links below to view the 2020-2024 Consolidated Plan, 2022 Annual Action Plan and the 2021 CAPER.  The City also funds the Owner Occupied Emergency Rehabilitation Program through CDBG. The objective of this program is to provided assistance to eligible owner-occupied single-family dwellings that are in need of emergency home repairs to correct substandard conditions and code violations that are immediate health and safety hazards. The Emergency Rehabilitation Program is designed to address only those items that meet the objective of the program and is not intended to be a general home rehabilitation program.HOME Investment Partnership Program (HOME):  The City of Lebanon received a grant from DCED to fund the Homeowner Rehabilitation Program (HRP).   The HRP assists low- and moderate-income homeowners to repair and improve home health and safety (roof, plumbing, electrical, heating and more.  Eligible families must reside in the City of Lebanon and meet HUD income eligibility requirements.   For more information, contact Jody Chernich with the Lebanon County Redevelopment Authority at 717-274-1491, Ext. 134.Why pay high rent costs when you could pay that or less to own a home?  The Lebanon County Redevelopment Authority can provide generous financial assistance to income eligible buyers to take the important step to homeownership.  You'll need a little money of your own, reasonable good credit and steady income to qualify for BIG benefits.   Contact the Lebanon County Redevelopment Authority for more information about the FTHB Program and their other housing programs like the Housing Access Program and Senior Home Modification Program.  Visit LebanonCountyhousing.com or call 717-274-1401.Fair Housing:The Community and Economic Development Office is affirmatively furthering fair housing.  Federal law prohibits housing discrimination based on your race, color, national origin, religion, sex, family status, or disability.  If you have been trying to buy or rent a home or apartment and you believe your rights have been violated, you can file a Fair Housing Complaint.  Visit the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s website for instructions on how to file a complaint.  For additional information on the Fair Housing Law, click here.  The City of Lebanon through the Community Development Office completed the Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing Choice in 2011. A copy of the Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing Choice is available for public review in the Office of Community and Economic Development.
 - Commend an Officer
Useful Documents:CDBG Annual Action Plan for FY 2022DRAFT CDBG Annual Action Plan for FY 2023CAPER for Program Year 2021DRAFT CAPER for Program Year 2022Consolidated Plan for 2020-2024Owner Occupied Homeowner Rehabilitation Program
Construction Activities
Art 911
                Official Standards
TNT Sanitation
Learn & Act
Eating and Drinking Licenses
Waste Industries 
Art 1301
                Index
                Historic District Overlay Map
Data.gov
(m) Land or Real Estate. "Land" or "real estate"
Art 1519
Brian Martin- Councilmember
                Title One - Business licensing
                Zoning Map
                New Laws (8)
