     
7000 Herber Rd
For important information on Spotted Lantern Fly & Ticks, please click HERE.
A picturesque farming community replete with rolling hills and mineral-rich soil, the land was primarily settled by German immigrants who came to the area during the early part of the 18th Century. As a result, the German dialect known as Pennsylvania Dutch was the primary language of the area for nearly two hundred years, and was often taught in the one-room schoolhouses that operated in the area until the mid-1950s [read more].
Trash & Recycling
Legal Filings
Contact Us - Lowhill Township
The Lowhill Township Board of Supervisors will hold their monthly meetings on the 2nd Thursday of the month at 6:30 pm.  All meetings will be held at the Municipal Building, unless otherwise advertised.
Lowhill Township is located in Lehigh County, PA with a population of 2,173 at the 2010 census. We are a suburb of Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of the PA. It is drained by the Jordan Creek into the Lehigh River. Its villages include Claussville, Leather Corner Post, New Tripoli, Lyon Valley, and Weidasville. Route 100 crosses it from north to south.
-Enhanced Threats for Fire Spread
Lowhill Township was established on the 18th day of December, 1753 in the Quarter Sessions Court of Northampton County. Lowhill Township was originally part of the territory that William Penn's sons purchased from the Lenni-Lenape tribe during the infamous Walking Purchase of 1737. Although Lowhill was initially designated part of Northampton County, the township was transferred over when Lehigh County was created in 1812.
Name*
News
Any resident who paid real estate tax without the fire tax added must contact carol betz @ 610-395-9142 as soon as possible to avoid having your money sent back. Partial payments can not be accepted.
Public Works
(Note: Per Twp. Ord. All open burns must be reported to the County 911 Center via this #)
Storm Water
Photo Gallery

Newsletters / Maps
For more information with meeting links please click HERE. 
© Lowhill Township, 7000 Herber Rd, New Tripoli, PA 18066 /  610-298-2641 
Hours / Directions
    
site design | na studios
 Home
Welcome To Lowhill Township
Captcha: type the characters below
Search 
Agenda / Minutes
-Fire Weather Watch
Spring is brush fire season in our region. Area fields are full of dry crop residue, wooded areas are covered in dry leaves and yards haven't turned green yet. The mixture of low humidity, high winds and plenty of available items on the ground to burn can make for a very dangerous situation. The Township monitors weather conditions daily and may place a temporary restriction on burning until conditions improve. Please be aware that while Spring is historically the most common time of year for burn bans, they can be enacted at any time as a result of drought or other weather related events.
Ordinances
   
The Township Office will be closed from Thursday April 13, 2023 and will reopen on Monday April 24, 2023.  No permits will be issued at this time, until the office opens.  For Zoning questions, please call Ryan Christman at 610-865-4555.
Water & Sewer
Email address*
ZHB Notices / Decisions
History
-Red Flag Warnings
Your Message (optional)
Information on this website is provided as a public service.
 Office: 610-298-2641
-Contact the Lehigh County 911 Center, Non-emergency # 610-437-5252
About
© 2022 Lowhill Township, 7000 Herber Rd, New Tripoli, PA 18066 /  610-298-2641 
Comment Now on the Lehigh Valley's $484 Million Transportation Plan
Forms & Documents
FAQs
Lowhill Township - Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
 Shop/24 hrs: 610-298-2607
Administration
Lowhill Township is seeking a Township Administrator.  Please send resume to jseymour@lowhilltwp.org.  Other available positions include: Township Auditor, Alternate for the Planning Commission, Emergency Management Coordinator, Alternate Recording Secretary for Planning Commission.  Please contact Jill Seymour @ 610-298-2641 or e mail at jseymour@lowhilltwp.org if interested.
 Home | News | Calendar | Administration | Hours / Directions | Contact | Forms | Ordinances
Emergency Services
Supervisors
Finance & Taxes
Upcoming Meetings / Events
Lowhill Township News
Zoning
Calendar
-Contact the Township office at 610-285-6660 during normal business hours
-Sign-up for weather alerts from the National Weather Service. If an alert is issued related to fire weather in our Township then open burning is prohibited during the times specified in the alert.
Parks & Recreation
General Info
The Lowhill Township Board of Supervisors would like residents to offer their opinion on what they would like to see on this website.  Please send your ideas to Jill Seymour at jseymour@lowhilltwp.org and she will share with the Supervisors.
It has come to our attention that our real estate bills were printed and mailed without the fire tax being added as a line item.  Please disregard the first bill received, a new bill has been issued and will be arriving within the next few business days.  Any questions, please call the Township office at 610-298-2641.  Thank you for your anticipated cooperation.
Phone Number
Contact Us
New Tripoli, PA 18066
Important Notice Regarding Open Burning In The Township
Use our form below for more information.
Right To Know
Burn bans are enacted every time a Fire Danger Weather Related Warning is issued for our area by the National Weather Service. These notices include the following:
Burn bans apply to all open fires! For more information regarding regulations for burning including acceptable items to burn, hours of burning, setbacks, etc. please review the Township's Burn Ordinance.
Planning
Ways that you can find out if a burn ban is in effect:
