Contracts
Butz Corporate Center is an owner-occupied office building with 100,000 sq. ft. of Class A office space available. Tenants have the option of working with the in-house architect to design a “state-of-the-art” space to fit their specific needs. A combination of restaurants and retail occupy the first floor providing on-site options for employee and corporate dining and catering. Butz Corporate Center is located in the heart of the downtown at 840 W. Hamilton Street. Contact Alvin H. Butz, Inc. for more information.
Apply to the NIZ Authority (ANIZDA) for qualification of your proposed project.
Allentown Redevelopment Authority (ARA)
			Phone: 610-437-7547
NIGP Code of Ethics
Email Jeff Glazier
Pension
Allentown Golf Course
Java script may not be enabled.
PA State Ethics Commission
Map of the NIZ area
Mayor's Staff
Other Useful Links
2023 Movies in the Park Schedule
Personal Income Tax
    
A new, or existing business must make an initial determination of the future incremental increase in tax revenue that will be generated in the NIZ as a result of the proposed improvement project.
Reporting
   (610) 439-5964
	Contact Form
ARA Board of Directors
Artists Calls & Grant Opportunities
Allentown Parking Authority
Some documents on this site require Acrobat Reader.  You can download Acrobat Reader from this link:
Ce-Ce Gerlach, Councilperson
                                Read more »
Once in operation, the payment of your taxes associated with the project can go toward payment of the debt service on your project.
For information on reporting requirements and other facts regarding the NIZ, please visit ANIZDA’s website at Already in the NIZ? | ANIZDA (allentownniz.com).
My Government Services
2023 Spark Program Assistance
Contact Website Support
Property Resources
							Main Menu »
Driving
Family Fun
Environmental Justice
 
                                The A.M.E.N Initiative will be holding an open house and orientation session on its upcoming Midnight Basketball season. 
Know Your Rights
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report
Mayor Tuerk had always wanted to return to his Eastern Pennsylvania roots, so in 2004, he and Karen moved to Allentown because they were attracted to the energy and diversity of the city. After taking time off to care for their two daughters, Karen became a lecturer in Environmental Science at Muhlenberg College in 2011. They have two daughters, Amelia and Margot.
Tabulations
In South Carolina with his now-wife, Karen, he pursued his love of global commerce by completing his Bachelor of Science in International Business at the College of Charleston before earning an MBA at the Moore School of Business at the University of South Carolina.
CONTACT
 Local Services Tax
Welcome to the City of Allentown's online Citizen Contact Form. You can conveniently submit a variety of requests to the City. Please select a topic below.
Social Media Policy & Disclaimer
The Mayor
Santo Napoli, Councilperson
   Business Development Manager
Local Tax Reporting Form
Download Center
Contact Form
Human Relations Complaint
			
If you are unable to access a computer for forms - you will have the following options:
Your browser may need to be updated
Job Opportunities
In 2020, Matt stepped down from his position at LVEDC to run for Mayor. He hopes to bring his fresh ideas and experience to the city, build coalitions, and serve all of Allentown’s residents with a government that reflects the city’s incredible diversity.
Capital
ALLENTOWNPA.GOV
Natalie Santos, Councilperson
Internal Audit
Maps
CONNECT
City Hall is open
Utilities
				Contact the Mayor's Office
ARA Inventory
Job Openings
Parks & Recreation
Applications & Forms
New Year's Day
Da Vinci Science Center at PPL Pavilion is expanding to 8th and Hamilton Streets with its new science center and STEAM education facility. The center will total 67,000 square feet with a learning center, exhibition space, and interactive, immersive displays. Exhibits will include topics such as life science, environment, and manufacturing innovation and the center is expected to attract 400,000 visitors annually.
American Rescue Plan Act
Public Surplus
Events News Subscription
Ed Zucal, Councilperson
Guide to Using the Public Purchase Web Portal
Social Media Center
Daniel.Diaz@allentownpa.gov
Build your project.
Or use your phone to text your tip:
Doing Business in the NIZ
Berkheimer Municipal Collection Forms Page
                                The City of Allentown's “Movies in the Park” series returns this year with six community-minded events at various City locations.
	Thank you for your interest in providing goods and/or services to the City of Allentown. The City of Allentown uses Public Purchase, a web based eProcurement service for Vendor Registrations and official solicitations.   Registration through Public Purchase is FREE and allows suppliers to update and change their information at any time. In order to receive notifications from the City, vendors will need to register through the following two-step process:
Departments & Bureaus
Cynthia Y. Mota, Council Vice President
Board of Recreation
If you need further assistance with the process, please email Purchasing.Agent@AllentownPA.gov. 
Tax Information
Work
** REMINDER WHEN PREPARING YOUR LOCAL TAX RETURN**
Contact the City
Interested in relocating your business to the NIZ? The NIZ has generated several developers that can provide rent credits back to end users. Space is available for retail, commercial, and restaurant use with access to talent and amenities. Contact the Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority (ANIZDA).
Transportation
In 2008, Mayor Tuerk took a position with the Allentown Economic Development Corporation (AEDC) where he learned the power of building coalitions to solve problems. He helped to establish the Urban Manufacturing Alliance, which is a national coalition of cities dedicated to strengthening their manufacturing economies. He also worked diligently to develop resources at the Bridgeworks Enterprise Center, helping AEDC earn a grant from the Economic Development Administration and a visit from the US Secretary of Commerce in 2012. Additionally, he cofounded the Lehigh Valley’s first coworking space and first community-operated “hackerspace,” where individuals with shared creative pursuits can meet and collaborate.
Public Meetings Calendar
Learning
Parks Finder
Arts and Attractions
Thanksgiving (Thursday & Friday)
Neighborhoods and Communities
MLK Day
Authorities, Boards, Commissions & Councils
The Waterfront - The Waterfront is the only development site in the Lehigh Valley that provides panoramic water views and direct access to the Lehigh River. Nestled alongside the western bank of the river, the nearly $300 million development will be a 26-acre mixed-use campus comprised of state-of-the-art office buildings, luxurious residences and a lively new restaurant and retail district. The Waterfront will also be a new place for the Valley to discover open space plazas brimming with events and vitality, a peaceful walking and riding path along the river, and a new way to reconnect with the water and the surrounding natural environment.
Good Friday
Commercial/Industrial Real Estate Guide
Special Events
Photos courtesy of City Center Investment Corporation, Alvin H. Butz, Inc., Jaindl Properties, Digital Feast, and Alyssha Csuk Pictures.
About Allentown
2 - Register with the City of Allentown:
Candida Affa, Councilperson
	Neighborhood Improvement Zone
Mayor's Office
Watch Council Meetings
Police & Fire Civil Service Board
Meeting Schedules
	Tax Forms
Send a tip online:   VICE Tip
NIZ
Text your YOUTH tip to YOUTHAPD
Advertisements
Once you have received your activation email from Public Purchase, log into the Public Purchase site and accept the terms and conditions of use.  After accepting the terms and conditions, start your registration process with the City.  The City requires that you select the appropriate NIGP Commodity Codes for quote notifications and complete a Product Manufacture Labor Standards Compliance Form and a W-9 form for tax purposes.  It is important that this second part of the registration is complete, or you will not receive notifications of upcoming quote opportunities from the City.
City Controller's Office
Skip to Content
Work  »  Neighborhood Improvement Zone
Reports & Publications
Home Rule Charter & Code
Past Opportunities
Play
Water Sewer (Lease & Operations) Compliance Review Board
In 2013, he joined Don Cunningham to transform the Lehigh Valley Economic Development Corporation (LVEDC). Starting as the Director of Research and Innovation, he led a data initiative to contextualize the region’s economy for local stakeholders and national developers. As Vice President of Administration, he rebuilt LVEDC’s internal systems and finances, and established a Salesforce platform for managing economic development projects.
1 - Register with Public Purchase:
Demographics
Home
City Council
Government
Mayor Tuerk was born in East Stroudsburg in 1975. He spent his first nine years under the watchful eye of his Pop-Pop and Mimi (an immigrant from Cuba) while his parents dedicated themselves to their education. In 1984, the family moved to Boulder, Colorado, where his parents continued their studies. Daily life in a progressive college town taught him the value of equity and diversity. Mayor Tuerk's brilliant “second mom”, Nana Kathleen, reinforced that message, saying “value your whole self, be grateful for your blessings, and there is no difference in people simply because of color; racism is a human-generated distinction, cruel and wrong.
Christmas Day
City Hall Address: 435 Hamilton Street, Allentown, PA  18101 Phone: 610-439-5999
King and Queen of the Court
City Hall
City Council Home Page
For information regarding Personal Income Tax please visit Berkheimer Municipal Collection or call 1-866-701-7206
 allentownpa.gov  »  
NIZ Information
Meet the Mayor & His Staff
Zoning Hearing Board
Privacy & Security
Send a tip online:  YOUTH Tip
Neighborhood Improvement Zone (NIZ)
Matt Tuerk
Treasury/Accounting
Senior Resources
Trades Licensing
Purchasing Ordinance
The Purchasing Department is conducting a survey to better understand how we can improve operations and how we can serve vendors better. Please take a few minutes to take the survey. We appreciate your feedback.
Monday through Friday
Council of Youth
Allentown Transitions to Digitized Online Platform
State Ethics Commission Statements of Financial Interests
Sports
311  Quick Reporter
Contact Us
Email City Council      
Requests for Proposals
Allentown School District
Completed Projects
ANIZDA
                                The City of Allentown has begun the transition to Energov, a new licensing and permitting system. 
	Allentown Business Guide - Contact Us
Pets and Animals
Citizen Contact Form
Agendas
						Main Menu »
Trash & Recycling
 
Allentown Public Library
City of Allentown - 435 Hamilton Street - 610-439-5999
Campaign Finance Reports
Voting and Elections
Text Size
Right-To-Know
                                The City of Allentown's King and Queen of the Court spring basketball programs will be offered from April 11 to May 19 from 6:00 to 8:00pm in...
Visit the Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority (ANIZDA) website to learn more about these and other projects within the NIZ.
Allentown Ethics Ordinance
			435 Hamilton Street
Meetings
You can also pick up forms at Berkheimer's Allentown location:  609 Hamilton St., Suite 101, Allentown PA 18101  Phone: 610.588.0965
Daniel Diaz
Allentown Information
Environmental Advisory Council
When calling Berkheimer please state that you do not have a computer and they will mail the requested forms
More than $1 billion in real estate development has been completed utilizing this unique tax incentive and financing tool to fund the development of an arena, office buildings, shops, restaurants, hotels, and apartments. All potential NIZ projects must be geographically located within the NIZ zone and must go through a pre-qualification, application, and if approved, closing process.
435 Hamilton Street
State & Federal Representatives
Council Members
Lehigh Valley Information
News Archive
QUICK LINKS
Internship
Phone Listing
						Quick Links ▼
Terms of Service
Tax Forms & Information
Contact the Business Development Office
Contact Us
Code of Ethics 
Vendor Survey
Midnight Basketball Open House
Government  »  Mayor's Office
Consulates & Embassies
Discover Lehigh Valley
Independence Day
Allentown City Planning Commission
Cultural Flag Raising Policies and Procedures
Summer Playground Program Registration
Meeting Minutes
Please visit the ANIZDA website for reporting information and forms.
Should your submission fail, there are a number of reasons, all related to the machine you're using. Here are some common reasons:
Vendor Information
                                In honor of National Small Business Week, the City of Allentown is announcing that it is now accepting applications for the 2023 Spark Program. 
Downtown Allentown
In his spare time, Mayor Tuerk is a lover of languages and a runner of marathons. He speaks Spanish, Portuguese, and French, and has spent the past three years learning Chinese. His next challenge is Arabic. He began running marathons in 2013 and has completed the distance 18 times, including New York and Chicago. He has run in the Boston Marathon twice, and his personal best of 3:06 in Chicago makes him eligible for the 2021 Boston Marathon.
Employer Tax Forms
   
 2022 COA Local NIZ Annual Report
City Budget
Lehigh County
	NIZ Finance Information
NIZ Business Information Packet
AEDC
File a Complaint
Current Opportunities
Budget Administration
Text your GENERAL tip to TIPAPD
Human Relations Commission
Additional Resources
Finance  »  Purchasing  »  Vendors
Health
Purchasing
Your computer may have malware.
** City Hall is closed on the following holidays:
City Real Estate Tax
Please note: This website uses a passive version of reCAPTCHA. It works behind the scenes, and there is no interaction required.
2023 State of the City Address
Allentown Arts Commission
 2022 v1 Packet Only
Immigration Resources
Daryl Hendricks, Council President

To report un-shoveled walkways, high grass or trash and debris issues, click here...
Services
PPL Center - The NIZ legislation keyed the financing of the construction of the PPL Center, a multi-purpose arena that seats more than 10,000 for concerts and more than 8,500 hockey games, serving as home to the Lehigh Valley Phantoms (Philadelphia Flyer farm team).
Text your VICE tip to VICEAPD
 NIZ Business Information Packet
If you were on the page for awhile, it could simply have expired.
City Controller
Doing Business in Allentown’s Neighborhood Improvement Zone
Frequently Asked Vendor Questions
The Trifecta Building is a mixed-use 40,000 SF building located in the heart of Allentown at 612 Hamilton Street. The building is a retrofit of an early 20th century furniture store and warehouse that has been converted into loft-style, class A office space. The building is named for its anchor tenant, Trifecta Technologies, whose company headquarters occupy the top three floors of the building. The additional office consists of three 4,300 SF units on the 2nd and 3rd floors. The ground floor will feature a bistro style restaurant. Please email Jeff Brown for more information.
Reports
The Mayor's education after high school started in Philadelphia, where DIY punk rock and liberal arts education set the foundation for discovering the value of community and trusting people to develop ingenious solutions to the challenges that they face. Love and curiosity pushed him around the world over the next ten years, including stints in Bellingham, WA; Charleston, SC; Havana, Cuba; Columbia, SC; Managua, Nicaragua.
Must See
Created by state law in 2011, the NIZ is a special taxing district that encourages development and revitalization in downtown Allentown. The NIZ consists of approximately 128 acres in downtown Allentown and the Waterfront district. All taxes generated in the NIZ (with the exception of school district and city taxes) can be used to pay debt service on any financed improvements within the NIZ.
NIZ Finance Information
										Text Size
Planned Projects
Commission on Homelessness
Work with a bank to determine the level of financing that can be used using this future tax revenue as collateral.
Our Environment
For more information on how to contact Berkheimer tax administrator visit their website.
Social Media
	City of Allentown - PA - Official Site
Work  »  Tax Forms & Information
Tower 6 is a mixed-use 142,000 SF building located in the heart of Allentown at 600 Hamilton Street is class A office space. The steel and glass construction provides abundant light and panoramic views of the entire city. Tower 6 has several major tenants across 12 floors occupying a mix of collaborative open space and private offices along with a first-floor retail space. Contact City Center Allentown for more information.
Finance  »  NIZ Finance Information
Fraud TIPS Hotline
Filing a Complaint
Due to State Legislation (ACT 166) gross reporting wages now is State Wages (Box 16) on your W2 form.
Starting a Business
Send a tip online:  General Tip
PA State Website
Visit the Public Purchase website to begin the registration process and select the “Free Registration” option.  It can take up to 24 hours to activate your account.  You will receive an email from notices@publicpurchase.com letting you know when your account has been activated.
8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.**
Shade Tree Commission
Business Privilege Tax Regulations
Work  »  Contact the City
You can also download Tax Forms from Berkheimer Municipal Collection's Forms Page.
Walking Tour
Contact Us  »  Contact Form
Live
Information: 610.439.5999
Historical Architectural Review Board
 | Login
Contact Information
How does the NIZ Work?
State of the City Address
Revenue and Audit
	Mayor's Office
Historical Allentown
Seek Assistance
Small Business SPARK Program
Additional Information
Interactive NIZ Map
City Controller Home Page
Vendor Handbook
Lehigh Valley Econ. Dev. Corp.
                                Families can now register their children for the City of Allentown’s 109th Annual Summer Playground Program.
City Departments
Parking Options
Business Privilege Tax
Memorial Day
Public Safety
sbamford@allentownniz.com
Email the Mayor's Office
Music and Entertainment
After becoming LVEDC’s Vice President of Economic Development in 2015, he led the group in attracting billions of dollars in economic growth in the Lehigh Valley and creating thousands of jobs for its residents. His success in this role led him to become the nationally known spokesperson for economic development in the Lehigh Valley. LVEDC was recognized as a Top 20 Economic Development Organization by Site Selection magazine in 2019, and then again in 2020.
Labor Day
Finance
Neighborhood Improvement Zone
Allentown, PA 18101
Greater Lehigh Valley Chamber of Commerce
			Allentown, PA 18101
Vendors
Cookies may not be enabled.
	Vendors
