LEHMAN TOWNSHIP BOARD OF SUPERVISORS 193 Municipal Drive
Lehman Township
As long as you are an employer located in Lehman Township, you must, by law, withhold the tax and file the Employer’s Quarterly Earned Income Tax Return (form E-1) quarterly, normally with the due date of April 31, October 31, July 31, and January 31. The return and any tax payment due should be mailed to Berkheimer, P.O. Box 900, Bangor, PA 18013
 
Act 511 defines “taxpayer” as a person, partnership, association, or other entity required hereunder to file a return of earned income or net profits, or to pay a tax thereon. This would include individuals, sole proprietorship businesses, partnerships, associations and employers, including corporate employers.
…… 1-800-782-1110
Website link: https://srcp.pikepa.org/  
Township Information
Bushkill Post Office                             
All meetings are held in the Lehman Township Municipal Building Municipal Drive Bushkill PA. The Township meetings are on the second Thursday of each month at 3:00 p.m. and additional meetings are scheduled as needed.
Listed on the tax rolls for Upper Smithfield Township in 1815 was Joseph Leighman, paying 55 cents on 442 acres. In 1824 his name was spelled Leaman and by 1832 it was Lehman. The Township is approximately 48.9 square miles or approximately 31,296 acres.
NEW BUSINESS:
Lehman Township Fee scedule
Section 8 of The Local Tax Enabling Act sets a maximum rate limitation of one (1%) percent which may be imposed. It is subject to the “halving provisions” of Act 511 where two coterminous taxing bodies impose an earned income tax.
Pike County Administration Bldg    
……..1-800-722-7112
Meetings
.
Welcome to Lehman Township Municipal Website
Calendar of Events
Planning Commission:
………570-588-6514
…… 1-800-692-7462

Like us on Facebook to get update emergency information and alerts 	
Township Office                                  
BOS
Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar
dickson house childeren’s advocacy center
More
Haunted Trails and Lehman Park
*Military payments
Short-Term Rentals
Recent Announcements 
 Important Phone Numbers
Second Thursday of each month at 7:00 p.m. as needed
 Evergreen Drive, Bushkill, Pennsylvania 18324
 
District #2 - Bushkill Volunteer Fire Station
Poison Control Center                      
PA Auditor general: school districts shifted funds around in a bid to raise taxes
Bushkill, Pennsylvania 18324
Public Utility Commission Hotline   
Ordinances
                     Municipal Drive, Bushkill, Pennsylvania 18324
5/11/2023 Meeting Agenda  
Based upon the above-cited definitions of Earned Income and Net Profits, the following is a list of income payments and benefits generally recognized as NOT being subject to taxation:
Click below for more information  *Please note to open document you will need adobe acrobat or any other pdf reader.
……….570-421-4000
*Workmen’s compensation
The Scenic Rural Character Preservation Program helps to protect Pike County’s clean water, wildlife habitat, and recreational areas, and supports improved county and municipal planning.  
Lehman Township has been an established community since 1829. It is a residential community with beautiful scenery, surrounded by the Delaware National Park Service. The Township lies between Porter, Middle Smithfield and Delaware Townships. It is the home of the famous Bushkill Falls.
You need to contact Berkheimer, as the Tax Administrator for Lehman Township, and request an Employer Registration Form. After the registration form is processed, they will send you an Employer’s Quarterly Tax return. After your initial filing, the return will be pre-printed with your employees, names, address, social security number, tax jurisdiction and amount of tax withheld.
The Earned Income Tax is sometimes called a “wage tax”. It is one of the more popular taxes levied by various local tax authorities (i.e., township, borough, school district) around the state. Earned Income is defined as salaries, wages, commissions, bonuses, incentive payments, fees, tips and other compensation received by an individual for services rendered, whether in cash or in property, and whether paid directly to you or through an agent.
506 Broad Street, Milford, PA 18337
Fax: (570) 588-1864
History
 Lehman Township Municipal Bldg
*Public assistance
……….570-588-9365
Lehman Township | Lehman Township Municipal Website
MEETING SCHEDULE
*Gifts and bequests
Township Information  |  Lehman Township
Septic and Well
BOARD OF ELECTIONS Pike County Administration Office
*Unreimbursed employee expenses
Phone: (570) 588-9365
All taxpayers must file a final return by April 15 of each year. If a taxpayer did not in the jurisdiction listed on the final return for the entire year, they are required to file for the period of time that they lived in that jurisdiction, and prorate their income, expenses, withholding, etc. State law, as well as the local tax resolutions and/or ordinances, make it a summary criminal offense if a taxpayer fails to file a tax return as required.
It has been requested that the Supervisors of Lehman Township pass what is being called a Second Amendment Resolution by the Pike County Second Amendment Sanctuary.  As affirmed when each Township Supervisor took office, the Supervisors of Lehman Township continue to support, obey and defend the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution of this Commonwealth.  While the Supervisors appreciate the sentiment behind a proposed resolution which expresses a desire to up hold our rights as citizens, it is simply not within the purview of the jurisdiction of the Lehman Township Supervisors to pass a resolution expressing an opinion as to the Constitutionality of current or future State or Federal legislation.  That task is expressly vested in our judiciary.  As elected Township officials, we must take a position which is representative of all our residents, and we will continue to do so, and to serve all our residents proudly.
In addition, the Net Profits of a business are subject to a Net Profits tax. “Net Profits” are defined as the net income from the operation of a business, profession, or other activity, except corporations, after deductions for all operating costs and expenses incurred in conducting said businesses.
Administration
Building Codes
Lehman Township Open Space and Recreation Plan DRAFT
For further information or questions, see Berkheimer’s website (www.hab-inc.com).
Open Records
Income Maintenance Line                 
If an employer fails to file a tax return as required by State Law, as well as the local tax resolutions and/or ordinances, the employer is subject to a fine not to exceed $500 per offense, plus the cost of prosecution. If the tax is not paid, a civil suit may be used to collect the tax due along with any penalties and interest that was assessed. If the tax is not withheld, every employer who willingly or negligently fails or omits to make the deductions, shall be liable for payments of the taxes that he was required to withhold to the extent that such taxes have not been recovered from the employee. In addition, any employer who fails to withhold or remit taxes for two of the four preceding quarters can be required to file on a monthly basis.
…………………….911
Zoning
Calendar
Non-cash compensation is also subject to the Earned Income Tax under Act 511, such as vacation, holiday, severance and annual leave pay, personal use of company cars, cafeteria and welfare benefit plan programs provided by the employer, and, in general, any other non-cash benefits accruing from employment. Employer contributions to an employee’s Simplified Employment Pension, Keogh, 401(k), Individual Retirement Account, or other type of tax deferred annuity plan, will be considered taxable income to the employee, where the employee voluntarily elects to have the employer deduct said contributions from his salary. The employee’s own contributions to these type of plans, through a salary reduction, are taxable income to the employee; only where an employer contributes to these sort of plans as a matter of course and without choice to the employee, are these types of contributions non-taxable.
911 Addressing
* Sick or disability payments
e-mail: lehmanpk@ptd.net
VOTING PLACES District #1 -
*Social Security / pensions
In Pennsylvania, the General Assembly has empowered political subdivisions of the Commonwealth, at the local level, to levy, assess, and collect certain types of taxes for general revenue purposes. The authority for levying these non-realty taxes was granted to local school districts and municipalities in 1965 through the passage of the Local Tax Enabling Act (LTEA), commonly referred to as “Act 511″.
Fire and Ambulance                         
…… 1-800-692-7392
*Death benefits
H.A. Berkheimer Tax Administrator
……… 570-296-7744
Lehman Township is a Second Class Township governed by a Board of Supervisors, which are elected at large by the qualified voters of the Township. Each Board of Supervisors is elected for the term of six years. Their responsibilities include: to establish commissions and authorities, to maintain the roads, to prepare the building and zoning regulations, and to ensure that the community’s health, safety and welfare needs are adequately addressed. The Township Secretary/Treasurer, who is appointed by the Board of Supervisors, is in charge of all Township monies.
 Lehman Twp. (Pike)   
PA Municipal Waste Planning. Recycling & Waste Reduction Act of 1988 Act 101
*Passive income
Higher Education Assistance Agency.
*Employer contributions
2023 working Pike job fair press release
Pocono Medical Center                     
