Taxes
Planning Commission
Jenkins Township Crime Watch Minutes
 
Jenkins Township 2021 Meeting Agenda
Nuisance
2023 Sanitary Minutes
Board of Supervisors
2023 Crime Watch Minutes
Minutes
2023 BOS Meeting Agenda
News
FEES 2016
Right of Way
2020 Meeting Minutes
Fire DepartmentThe Jenkins Township Fire Department has been protecting the community since 1926. The Department operates out its station in Port Griffith. The department is made up of both paid and volunteer staff. The full time apparatus operators are members of the IAFF Local 840.  The Fire Department responds to all types of emergencies including medical emergencies, hazardous materials incidents, fires and motor vehicle accidents.
EMS System Response Plan
Thursday – 3:00 PM – 5:00 PM
Recreation Board
WVSA SWM
Website Disclaimer
Meeting Dates
Appeals Board
Like us on Facebook!
- Public Works Department
UNDERSTANDING STORMWATER REGIONALIZATION
2023 Resolution
- Government Overview
- Property Maintenance
- - Revolutions Ice Center
Municipal Emergency Management Coordinator
Zoning Officer | Welcome to Jenkins Township!
- Police Department

2021 Resolution
Services
- PA Open Records Law
2017 Resolution
Jenkins Township Planning Commission Minutes
Pave-Cut
Business
			Official Website of the Township of Jenkins 46 1/2 Main Street, Inkerman, Pittston, PA 18640			
2017 Meeting Minutes
Input this code: 
2023 Ordinance
About Us
- MS 4 Guide
Agenda
PERMITS / FORMS
Fire Department
- News
2023 BOS Meeting Minutes
Jenkins Township Pennsylvania
2023 Planning Minutes
2019 Ordinances
Refuse Collection
Jenkins Township Zoning Officer
- - Administrative
- - Zoning Officer
Emergency Management Home
Monday – by appointment only
Zoning Office Hours at the Township Building are:
 
- - Planning Commission
Natural hazards have been the cause of the vast majority of Federal Disaster Declarations. Hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes and other natural hazards cannot be prevented. Some technological hazards such as a regional power outages cannot be prevented. Accidents that were not prevented and intentional acts that were not deterred can result in property damage and business disruptions. For those hazards that cannot be prevented, there are still many opportunities to reduce the potential impacts on life, property, business operations and the environment. For more information visit www.ready.gov
#1394 (no title)
Wednesday – 1:30 PM – 5:00 PM
Ordinances
- Calendar
Property Maintenance
- - Board of Auditors
Wireless Communication
Jenkins Township Sanitary Authority Minutes
- Website Disclaimer
Municipal Government
Public WorksThe Jenkins Township Public Works Department is the backbone of our community. The Department maintains roads when it snows, keep our community's roads pothole free and make sure the neighborhood parks are spotless. In addition, Public Works is responsible for day-to-day maintenance of the Township's infrastructure services such as sanitation, street maintenance, township's storm operations,  yard waste collection and emergencies...
Your Message
For more information visit  
2016 Resolution
Your Email (required)
Public Works Department
- Boards/Commissions
Subject
Pave Cut & Excavation Form
Police Department
- State Government
2021 Meeting Minutes
Prevention Information | Welcome to Jenkins Township!
Dangerous-Structures
Police DepartmentThe Jenkins Township Police Department was established in 1951. The Police Department currently staffs four full-time and ten part-time officers who provide twenty-four hour coverage to Jenkins Township and Yatesville Borough. The Department is responsible for approximately fifteen square miles with a population of 5,500.
Ambulance
2017 Ordinance
Jenkins Township Little League
National Terrorism Advisory System
Traffic
Prevention Information
Resolution
2022 Resolution
We’re Here to Help You.
Zoning Officer
Administrative
Tuesday 3:00 PM – 5:00 PM
Things to Do
Rental-Inspection
Solid Waste
Welcome to Jenkins Township!
Crime Watch Board
(570) 654-3315
Many hazards can be prevented. Workplace accidents are a good example. A comprehensive accident prevention program can reduce the frequency of accidents dramatically. Most fires can be prevented. Spills of hazardous chemicals can be avoided. Home accidents and falls can be prevented just by not letting stuff get in the way of your walking paths.
- UNDERSTANDING STORMWATER REGIONALIZATION
Contact Us | Welcome to Jenkins Township!
Storm Water (MS4)
Penneastern Engineers, Inc.
State Government
- Things to Do
Stoner Soccer
- Taxes
Abandoned-Properties
Risk Mitigation
Revolutions Ice Center
2018 Resolution
2020 Resolution
NOTICE OF PUBLIC PARTICIPATION AND PUBLIC MEETING
- Refuse Collection
Federal Government
Zoning Hearing Board
2022 Meeting Agenda
Township Engineer
Luzerne County Hazard Mitigation Plan
2019 Resolution
- - Zoning Hearing Board
- Business
Zoning
MS 4 Guide
 Hazard Prevention
- - Stoner Soccer
Calendar
- Federal Government
Government Overview
Zoning Change
- - Appeals Board
JoElle Dougherty
Friday – by appointment only
- Zoning
(570) 823-4712
2016 Ordinance
2021 Ordinance
- Ambulance
2018 Ordinance
EMA History
- - Board of Supervisors
If you SEE something, SAY something Program
2020 Ordinances
- - Recreation Board
2022 Meeting Minutes
Contact Us
Boards/Commissions
Jenkins Township is a Proud Member of:
2019 Meeting Minutes
Your Name (required)
- - Jenkins Township Little League
- - Crime Watch Board
Sewer Authority
- NOTICE OF PUBLIC PARTICIPATION AND PUBLIC MEETING
2018 Meeting Minutes
Board of Auditors
- - Sewer Authority
2022 Ordinances
HOME
- Fire Department
PA Open Records Law
WVSA Storm Water Agreement
