Dennison Township Newsletter
Tax Collector
          White Haven,
	
Download "2015 Dennison Twp Newsletter - 4pg Letter.pdf"
    Please fill out this form to request Open Records documents from Open Records Officer Kathleen Stortz.
Recycling Now In Dennison Township
Amended Zoning Ordinance now online
              Planning/Zoning
      
Download "COMPREHENSIVE PLAN.pdf"
  
Comprehensive Plan completed
	  The office is open on the 2nd and 4th Saturday of the month, from 10 a.m. to noon.
		    Residents can now recycle in a single stream, in bins at the Dennison Township Fire House.
	  The current Zoning Ordinance with amendments is now available for download on the Documents page.
Roadmaster
    The Dennison Township Comprehensive Plan, as adopted in 1988, has been updated by the Board of Supervisors.
Secretary/Treasurer
								Copyright ©2023 Dennison Township. All Rights Reserved.
	  Kathleen "Stevie" Stortz
Office Hours
Board of Supervisors
Open Records Officer
           | 
Meetings: 1st Wednesday of the month, 6 p.m.Office Hours:2nd & 4th Saturday of the month, 10 a.m.-Noon
Open Records Request Form
	  The new Dennison Township Zoning Ordinance, SALDO, and Stormwater Management Ordinances are now available to download from the Documents page.
            570-443-8190
	  Meetings are held at 6 p.m. the first Wednesday of the month at the Township Building. Remaining dates for 2022 areNovember 2December 7
  Dennison Township is a municipality of 1,125 residents covering 34.8 square miles in southern Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. A three-member board of supervisors is elected to oversee township business. An appointed secretary/treasurer and road crew provide township services. Public safety is provided by the Dennison Township Volunteer Fire Company, and police protection is provided by contract with White Haven Borough.
          76 Walnut Street
 
          18661
Information:
Map
About  Dennison Township
PDF
Download "auth_form.pdf"
Designed by Journal Newspapers
          Hours
Dennison Township, Luzerne County PA
	Dennison Township • Luzerne County • local government
            
	  Victoria Giovannuccivickig@pa.metrocast.net
                Map
              Fire Company
Meetings
		    Recycling is simple with single stream recycling.
	  Bruce Thomas, ChairSheila Weaver, Vice-ChairMichael Mack
              Documents
                Hours
              Home
    Download your copy of the first Dennison Township newsletter here, and find out what's been happening in the township!
		  
New Ordinances Now Available
Here's How It Works!
          Phone:
              Calendar

	  Jim Yackiel
                Call
          PA
	  Kathleen Stortzdennisontwp@verizon.net 
