All this is contingent on weather conditions. We will keep you updated on any changes.
Not utilized by the owner or any other person as a place of employment.
Township Facilities
Township GovernmentShow sub menu
File (with the municipality where the cabin will be constructed) either of the following:
Download here:  Zoning Permit Lyc County
Not greater than 2 stories in height, excluding basement.
Emergency ManagementShow sub menu
Volunteer positions called “watchers” are also present on election day. Each candidate at a primary or election may appoint two watchers that are allowed to stand outside the polling place and hand out information on their candidate. Watchers must be qualified registered electors of the County in which they are authorized to act.
Voting Information
 
Zoning Permit Information – Cogan House Township
Local Programs & InformationCogan House Recreation Committee
What's New (1)
Constable: Janice Livermore
Neighborhood Crime Watch
Prior to an election the best place to find out who is running for office and what their qualifications are is to contact the voter registration office at the Lycoming County Courthouse and watch for articles in the local and state-wide newspapers.
Do You Know these Interesting Voting Facts?
Judge of Elections: Sandra Irion
Forms
What are Election Boards?
SEWAGE PERMIT APPLICATION INFORMATION: Anyone building a new home or cabin must apply for a sewage permit. Robert Bertin is the township’s Sewage Enforcement Officer. You can contact him by phone at 570-998-2859 or in writing to Robert Bertin, 991 Route 184 Highway, Trout Run, PA 17771. Also, if you are building an addition to your present home, you must contact Bob to insure your existing septic system is adequate for the addition.
Open Records Policy
Pavillion Rental Form
Equip the cabin with at least on smoke detector, one fire extinguiser and one cabon monixide detector in both the kitchen and any sleeping areas.
Not utilized as a domicile or residence for any individual for any period of time.
The Municipal Election is held in odd-numbered years on the first Tuesday after the first Monday of November.
Registering to vote is easy and simple. A voter registration application may be picked up at Voter Services in the Lycoming County Courthouse at 48 West Third St. Williamsport, PA. By calling Voter Services at 570-327-2267 a registration form can be requested by mail. A comprehensive web site is also maintained by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Here you can click on voter information and find answers to most voter questions. It is also possible to print off a voter registration application through this site.
Categories
Welcome to Cogan House Township
Local Programs / Information
All primaries and elections are conducted by a district election board consisting of a judge of election, a majority inspector and a minority inspector of election, assisted by clerks and machine inspectors in certain cases. The judge and inspectors of elections are elected by the electors at the municipal election and hold office for a term of four years from the first Monday of January next succeeding their election. The person receiving the highest number of votes for inspector is elected the majority inspector with the second highest number of votes determining the minority inspector.
The structure is exempt from the requirements of the UCC.
Farm buildings with electricity or any processing plant (such as milk, etc).

Clerks: Leda Clark, Kelby Rockwell, Gregory Carpenter
-Anon.
DRIVEWAY PERMIT: If you are constructing a new residence that has no driveway access, you must apply for a driveway permit. You can obtain a permit from the township office if the driveway is accessing a township road. Please call 570-634-3185. If your driveway is accessing a state road you must contact Steve Tokarz at PENNDOT at 570-368-4277 for your permit
A Constable is present during each election and while the votes are being counted for the purpose of preserving the peace. All are paid positions.
Open Menu
Not utilized for commercial purposes (not a rental).
Provide written notice in the sales agreement and the deed, upon sale of a recreational cabin which has been excluded from UCC construction requirements, that
Some buildings are not subject to the uniformed construction codes. Agriculture buildings are exempt providing they meet the following definition: Agricultural Building; a structure utilized to store farm implements, hay, feed, grain, or other agricultural or horticultural products or to house poultry, livestock, or other farm animals, and milk house. This term includes a carriage house owned and used by members of a recognized religious sect for the purposes of housing horses and storing buggies. The term shall not include habitable space or spaces in which agricultural products are processed, treated, or packaged and shall not be construed to mean a place of occupancy by the general public.
Township Services
The General Election is held in even-numbered years, on the first Tuesday after the first Monday of November.
Codes Inspection, IncState Route 54Montgomery, PA  17752570-547-0488  Phone570-547-0481  Fax
November 6, 2018
The Primary Election in each odd-numbered year is called the Municipal Primary and is held on the third Tuesday of May.
Contact InformationCogan House Township Building
 
Pick up at Township Building during office hours
On Monday, May 15, the Township will be applying dust inhibitor to all dirt roads in the Township between 10:00am – 2:00pm.
Township GovernmentHistoryMeeting MinutesOpen Records PolicyPavillion Rental FormSupervisors' MessageTownship EmployeesTownship FacilitiesTownship ServicesZoning Permit Information
Board of Supervisor’s Meeting Dates
Community Events
How Do I Know Who Is Running For Office?
Any deck or porch with a roof.
Township Government
Local News (1)
At the polling place on the day of election, each voter who desires shall be instructed in the operation of the voting device before he enters the voting booth. If any voter shall ask for additional instructions concerning the manner of voting after entering the voting booth, any election officer may give him audible instructions without entering such booth.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Updated information for the Cogan House Recreation Committee is now listed in the Cogan House Recreation Committee under the Local Programs & Information tab.
Cogan House Township
Zoning Permit Information
A list of elections can be accessed at the Lycoming County Courthouse web site at or by calling Voter Services at 570-327-2267.
All swimming pools are now subject to the uniform construction codes.
Cogan House Recreation Committee
The structure may no be in conformance with the UCC.
The structure was not subject to municipal construction regulations.
History
Call the Voter Services number and request a petition which can be filled out to put a specific name on the ballot.
Close Menu
Spring Road Maintenance
After getting your zoning permit approved, you must get a building permit. If you did not get a building permit application when you picked up your zoning permit, you can get your building permit from:
The Primary Election in each even-numbered year is called the General Primary and is held on the third Tuesday of May, except in Presidential years when it is held on the fourth Tuesday of April.
A failure to provide this notice shall void the sale, at the option of the purchaser.
All zoning applications are sent to the codes inspection company and if you do not contact them for a building permit the inspection company will contact you. If you begin construction without the building permit, there will be a fine. You will need inspections for the following:
Supervisors’ Message
Fire Companies
Phone 570-634-3185
Voters in Cogan House Township may cast their ballots at the Cogan House Community Church social hall at 3779 Cogan House Road. Polls are open from 7:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m.
Questions?
“Those who do not vote abandon their right to choose, as well as their right to complain.”
The Department of Labor and Industry affidavit form (UCC-13) attesting to the fact that the structure meets the definition of a recreational cabin (above).
Additionally, the cabin owner must comply with all of the following:
Skip to content
Justices of the Supreme Court, Judges of Superior and Commonwealth Courts, Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, Judges of Community Courts, District Justices in Magisterial Districts, constables and all county, municipal, school district and election district officers are elected on at a Municipal Election.
Meeting Minutes
Residents in need of a zoning permit have several options.
Lycoming County’s website at www.lyco.org gives specific details on the county’s zoning ordinance. Also available there is information on the various departments within the county from Assessments to Zoning. For further questions about planning, building and zoning you may contact the Lycoming County Courthouse at 327-2200 and they will direct your call.
4609 State Route 184 Trout Run, 17771
Minority Inspector: Debra Lowe
ALL commercial buildings, and ALL new construction of homes.
Utilized principally for recreation activity.
Who is on Cogan House Township’s Election Board?
Electors for President and Vice President of the United States, United States Senators, Representatives in Congress, the Governor and Lieutenant Governor, Auditor General, State Treasurer, Attorney General and Senators and Representatives in the General Assembly are elected only at a General Election.
Majority Inspector: Jessica Johnson
Copyright © 2023 Cogan House Township.					 Theme by ILOVEWP.com 
What’s New
Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
August 13, 2019
Voting Information – Cogan House Township
Not listed as an individual’s place of residence on a tax return, driver’s license, car registration, or voter registration.
Written proof of insurance from an insurer authorized to do business in the Commonwealth of PA stating that the structure meets the definition of a recreational cabin (above).
Township Employees
“Provisional Ballot Voting Procedure” – At all elections an individual who claims to be properly registered and eligible to vote at the election district but whose name does not appear on the general register and whose registration cannot be determined by the inspectors of election or the county election board shall be permitted to cast a provisional ballot. Individuals who are voting for the first time at the election district shall be required to produce identification.
All recreational cabins requesting exemption from the Uniform Construction Codes must meet the following criteria:
“Procedure for Voting” – At primaries only those persons registered and enrolled in one of the established political parties are entitled to vote for candidates. However, any registered voter, regardless of party enrollment, is entitled to vote for any special question to be voted on at any primary election. At municipal or general elections, the elector my vote for candidates individually, or he may vote a straight political party ticket in one operation.
Voting InformationVOTING IS A RIGHT AND A RESPONSIBILITY
“Rules and Regulations” – Not more than twice as many electors waiting to vote as there are voting compartments or voting machines in use in the district, shall be admitted within the enclosed place at any one time. This does not include persons who are rendering assistance.
Pick up directly from the Lycoming Zoning Office https://www.lyco.org/Departments/Planning-and-Community-Development/Zoning
https://www.codeinspectionsinc.com/
Township Photos
All meetings will be on the first Tuesday of the month at 6:00pm except for July and November, which will be on Wednesday at 6:00pm.
This is a link to their website with all the information and downloadable  forms.                                               
Not a mailing address for bills and correspondence.
Any deck 30 inches off the ground.
Township GovernmentSupervisors’ Message
Any out building under 1000 square feet with electric.
How Do I Get My Name on the Ballot?
Emergency Management
How Do I Register to Vote?
No elector shall remain in the voting compartment or voting machine booth an unreasonable length of time, and in no event for more than three minutes. If he shall refuse to leave after said period he shall be removed by the election officers. Provided, however, that they may grant him a longer time if other electors are not waiting to vote. At municipal or general elections, the elector may vote for candidates individually, or he may vote a straight political party ticket in one operation
Local Programs / InformationShow sub menu
Community Events (1)
Search for:
Recreational Cabin–Definition–Must meet all criteria
Any out building over 1000 square feet.
Cogan House Township – Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
When Are Elections Held?
Dan Roupp – 570-971-0561
