SANDBAGS CONTINUE TO BE AVAILABLE FOR FLOOD CONTROL 
 Search
The activities and policies of the Road District and Assessor’s office are directed by their respective elected official.McHenry Township has been providing valuable, cost-effective services and programs in a financially responsible manner.  We have partnered with our municipalities, schools and non-for-profit agencies to insure access to services for residents of all ages.  I hope you take this opportunity to look at the variety of services and programs being offered by our Township.  We are a small government  providing services for a population of approximately 49,000 residents.   
SPRING CLEANUP 
Mailboxes
Assessor
Home Supervisor 
The Road District will continue its policy of providing sandbags for pickup by residents for emergency flooding. Bags will be available Monday through Friday from 7:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. With one day’s notice, we will also provide sand. Call the Road District office at 815-385-3076. 
Property Search
Storm Water Management
 Menu
Rules of the Road
Contact Us - McHenry Township
Name*
Home Clerk / Board IMRF Employer Cost & Participation Information 
Agendas & Minutes
Home Contact Us 
Last
Exemptions
McHenry Township3703 N. Richmond RoadJohnsburg, IL 60051
815-385-5605
IMRF Employer Cost & Participation Information 
815-385-0175

				In 2019, the Illinois General Assembly passed Public Act 101-0504. The law requires IMRF to post certain employer cost and participation information on its website. IMRF will update these reports annually. The link to this information is here.					
Gary Barla[email protected] 
Food Pantries
Parks & Facilities
8:30 am to 4:30 pm
Seniors
Facebook-f
Appeals
Supervisor - McHenry Township
815-385-5605 
 
General Assistance
Supervisor
Website Design by ExcalTech. 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm
Seasonal Information - McHenry Township
Seasonal Information
First
Driveway Culvert Permit
Touch-A-Truck
IMRF Employer Cost & Participation Information
Phone*What is Your Inquiry Regarding?*Financial AssistanceRecyclingClerk/BoardAssessorRoad DistrictSupervisorParks/FacilitiesOtherQuestions / CommentsSupporting DocumentsMax. file size: 128 MB.CAPTCHA
Like us on Facebook.
815-385-5671
We are here to assist you so don't hesitate to call if you have any questions! 
PUBLIC PARTICIPATION/INVOLVEMENT 
Transparency Portal (FOIA)
The public has the opportunity to participate in our Adopt-A-Highway program throughout McHenry Township Road District. When participating, residents would help remove roadside debris along dedicated sections of road. 
Recycling
Senior Express Bus
	Skip to content
Email*
Road Paving
Computer Classes
Senior Center
Clerk / Board
815-385-3076
© 2023 McHenry Township. All Rights Reserved. 
McHenry Township SupervisorGary Barla 
MOWING RIGHT-OF-WAYS 
Printed brochures are located at the front desk of the Road District office.  In addition, information can also be obtained through the township website. Community Brochure                      Emergency Brochure                  Summer Brochure                 Winter Brochure An information booth will be set up at local expo events where residents have the opportunity to gather information and ask questions. 
Supervisor 
Community Garden
Roads
Transportation Program
 Close
Search Our Site 
Voter Services
The position of Township Supervisor is statutorily defined as the chief executive officer of the township. A Township Supervisor is positioned to fulfill a key leadership role on the township team as a manager of financial affairs in the township, coordinator of township programs and administrator of the day-to-day activities in the office.  In addition, the Supervisor is:A voting member and chair of the township board of trustee.The Overseer to the General Assistance program.The Treasurer of all township funds.The Ex-officio treasurer of the Road District. 
Calendar
Recent Real Estate Sales
Road District 
Monday through Friday
IMRF Employer Cost & Participation Information - McHenry Township
Home Road District Seasonal Information 
Medical Equipment
Seasonal Information 
Connect With Us 
Get Directions 
Supervisor Info 
Ordinances & Resolutions
Contact Us
Clerk / Board 
This work is usually completed in late spring to mid-summer:Repair of plow scars – completed in the spring. Please let us know if you see any that have not been repaired by mid-summer.Permanent replacement of damaged mailboxes from the previous winter – completed in the spring. Sweeping of roadway gutters and intersections – completed in spring and as needed throughout the year.Restriping the yellow and white lane lines on our main thoroughfares.  
McHenry County Historical Society & Museum
Contact Us 
PUBLIC EDUCATION AND OUTREACH 
Blue Star Banner
Assessor 
Generally, the right-of-ways are mowed three times annually. This usually occurs prior to Memorial Day, Fourth of July and Labor Day. There are several reasons for mowing but probably the most important reason is to prevent larger vegetation like noxious trees from taking over the right-of-way and preventing proper drainage. Additionally, we have completed re-vegetation of ditch back slope in our right-of-ways. This provides many benefits including improved habitat for pollinating species, reduced mowing costs and drifting barriers much like the snow fence we put up in our rural areas but on a smaller scale. It does provide some issues such as increased difficulty with garbage pick-up in right-of-ways. In addition, some natural vegetation is not compatible with the agricultural uses in our rural areas, so we will be avoiding those types of vegetation. Finally, this does require periodic burning of the vegetation to prevent unwanted noxious weeds. 
