Planning Commission
Steve Ware
Additions (attached garages, extension of living space, etc.)
												 PA												 19477									
Contacts
pfurber@lowergwynedd.org 
1130 N Bethlehem PikePO Box 625Spring House, PA 19477 
Our most requested pages and a good place to start
If you are just replacing the deck boards and there is no change to the size or frame of the deck you do not need a permit. If you are changing the deck framing or building a new deck or expanding an existing deck, you need a building permit. A zoning review will also be conducted to make sure the required setbacks are observed. Projections into required yards are permitted. In the case of a single-family detached residence, unroofed open terraces and patios may project into a required side yard not more than 10 feet, and into a rear yard not more than 20 feet, but in no case may the projection exceed 50% of the required yard. If you add a roof to a deck or porch that is attached to your house, you must maintain all required yards without any projections into these yards.
Meeting Schedule
Fixture Drain
Recycling Informational Articles 
Solar Panels
e-Newsletters
Spotted Lanternfly
Sandi L. Feight, CPRP
Fax: (215) 646-8096
mgleason@lowergwynedd.org 
Southeast PA Regional Household Hazardous Waste Collections
Fees for Licenses/Permits
Keystone Inspections
Montco does NOT hold countywide document shredding events, but encourages municipalities to sponsor events for your residents. These are popular, as almost everyone has files that need to be shredded, and the County cannot provide events to cover all municipalities. Community shred events that Montco Recycling becomes aware of are listed at this link: Document Shredding | Montgomery County, PA - Official Website (montcopa.org)
News & Announcements
mkulp@lowergwynedd.org 
Information: (215) 646-5303 (Mon-Fri)
Effective April 1, 1999 the permit fee for all sewage ejectors will be $100.
Large above-ground pools and any in-ground pools require the comprehensive building permit with the required sections completed (including electric, plumbing, and zoning) and a grading permit.  
Fall Fest
Any addition to a structure requires a complete building permit with all relevant sections completed along with the required construction and site plans.
Monthly E-Newsletter
Residential Plan Requirements
 
Holes
Montgomery County Recycling Information & Collection Events
Generators require a building permit with the electrical portion completed. Electricians must have a current master license with the Township. If a gas line is being run, the plumbing section of the permit must be completed by either a master plumber registered with the Township, or a certification gas line card must be attached. Generators must be located a minimum of 15 feet from the side and rear yard property lines, except for the “C” and “CD” districts is reduced to 10 feet. Generators are not permitted in the front yard. A site plan is required to depict the location of the generator and must be submitted with the building permit application. A full list of requirements can be found on the building and zoning page of the Township website.
Date
Thursday, May 18, 2023
AdministrationAdministrative Assistant
A few Items from Lower Gwynedd Township Plumbing Code
May 23, 20237:00 PM
Food Waste/Composting
Additional Permit Information  | Lower Gwynedd Township
Phone: (267) 460-1891
Feedback
					 PA					 19477		
Residential PermitsResidential Plan RequirementsNew Home Permit RequirementsAdditional Permit Information
How Do I...?
Montgomery County Household Hazardous Waste Collections-2023
4"
Recycling
Indicate outlet pressure in water column or psi and identify the table used to calculate size.
Links
Building & ZoningDirector of Building & Zoning
12'
Phone: (215) 646-5302 Fax: (215) 646-3357 
The latest news, articles and announcements delivered to your inbox
Administration
Montgomery County will NOT be holding tire collection events. There are plenty of outlets for tire disposal as tire retailers usually accept used tires for a recycling fee of approximately $3-$5 per tire, see list at https://www.montcopa.org/2021/Tires .
Office Hours Mon-Fri: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm										
Fence
Upcoming Meetings
Documents, Forms & Permits
Mitch Kulp
Frank Baxter
Parks & Recreation
Township Sign Policy Reminder
Appeals may be submitted via fax (717) 425-5343 Police Department
Find us on Twitter
Documents, Registration Forms and Permits
Stay Connected
Roof
taxcollector@lowergwynedd.org
Roads & Highways
2"
Go to current menu item 
May e-Newsletter Now Available!
$100 for each TV 150 lbs. or more, such as those with wooden cabinets or rear-projection TVs
17
Emanuel Tire of PA,
The Spring House Improvement Project is about to begin. Roadway improvements are scheduled at the intersection of Sumneytown Pike/Norristown Road (SR 2052). The roadway construction generally consists of widening on…
Pension-PA ACT 44 of 2009
InformationCommunications Survey Results 2021Compatible Trees for Planting Near Power LinesConstruction CornerContact & DirectoryCOVID-19 UpdatesDirections & MapEmployment & VolunteerFrequently Asked QuestionsHistoryHomeland SecurityMonthly E-NewsletterLinksOnline PaymentsSafety AlertsSpecial Needs RegistryStormwater ManagementTownship NewsletterTrash & Recycling
The May e-Newsletter is now available! Be sure to sign up for email alerts to receive the e-Newsletter directly to your inbox. Didn't receive your copy? Check your junk mail or click the link below!
Projects
Board of Supervisors
Online Payments
 General News
Address & Directions
Walk-in Office Hours: Every Thursday, 10 am - 1 pm					Other hours: By appointment only				
Summer Concert Series
Information
Environmental Articles
Administration Building
215-646-5302
Tree Giveaway
Al Comly
COVID-19 Updates
Zoning Map
Notches in the top or bottom of the joists shall not exceed one-sixth the depth of the joist and shall not be located in the middle of the third span. Where joists are notched on the end for leger, the notch shall exceed one-fourth the joist depth. Cantilevered joists shall not be notched unless the reduced section properties and lumber defects are considered in the design.
May 17, 20237:00 PM
Login/Create Account
Directions & Map
Patty Sexton-Furber
Office of Open Records
Find us on Facebook
Monday-Friday: 8:00 am-4:00 pm				
A gas riser diagram consists of size and length and type of each section of gas pipe starting at the meter, to each take-off tee branch, including sections between take-off tee branches as well as size and length of all branches coming off the main gas line that supplies each appliance, including any new appliances.
Recycling Links
Safety Alerts
Wednesday, May 17, 2023
18
Building & ZoningBuilding Codes Administrator
Operation Assurance
Distance
Police Department
Home
May 18, 20236:00 PM
Government
My Account
PFOS and Drinking Water
zoningofficer@lowergwynedd.org 
Trash & RecyclingMontgomery County Recycling Information & Collection EventsRecycling Presentations & VideosRecycling Informational ArticlesRecycling Links
Frequently Asked Questions
AdministrationAssistant Manager
5'
Food Trucks
Battery and Techno Trash Recycling
Friday, May 19, 2023
Community Response Unit
Buckle Up PA
Yes, you need a permit. You will need to submit a simplified zoning permit for review and approval prior to installing a fence. The Zoning Officer will review the proposed location of the fence and make sure it complies with the standards noted in the Township Codebook. No fence shall be greater than 6 feet tall.
Identity Theft and/or Credit Card Fraud
Police DepartmentPolice Chief
Amendment to the Lower Gwynedd Township Plumbing Code: Ordinance No. 508, adopted August 23, 2016
Small above-ground pools and spas require a zoning permit (and possibly electric and plumbing) as well as a fence permit and a grading permit.
Skip to content
FinanceFinance Director
1/8"
Sign up for alerts
Department & Title
Stormwater Management
sfeight@lowergwynedd.org 
Non-Residential Permits
No Tire Collections
Bird Town
Office Hours Mon-Fri: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm								
Accessory Structures (detached garage, shed larger than 200 square feet, pole barn, etc.)
Neil Stein, Esquire
Retriever Buyback Program is back by popular demand!
Building & Zoning
1304 Conshohocken Rd.
Volunteer Application
View all How do I...? questions and answers
Additional Permit Information 
AdministrationGilmore & Associates, Inc.
Drop off options are still listed at https://www.montcopa.org/2019/Televisions
Contact Us
Historical Advisory Committee Meeting
Exterior Alterations/Stucco
Communications Survey Results 2021
Right To Know
Mimi Gleason
Plumbing Information  | Lower Gwynedd Township
Swimming Pool (inground/above ground)/Spas
Gas Piping Installation Plumbing Permit Requirements
Contact & Directory
Hours
Recycling Informational Articles
May
Taxes
Residential Permits
8'
AdministrationTownship Manager
Trash & Recycling
Dead Deer
Telephone
Now you can get paid for your unwanted clothes and smartphones when you recycle with Retrievr. It’s easy to get started: visit Retrievr.com and discover what your items are worth.
mtrocino@lowergwynedd.org 
Joseph Groarke
Melinda Haldeman
Fire Marshal/Emergency ManagementFire Marshal
Mary Trocino
All drainage, waste, and vent systems shall be tested on completion of the rough piping installation by water/air without evidence of leakage (P2503.5.1).
The installation of any swimming pool, including in-ground, above-ground or on-ground pool, hot tub or spa and pool fence require permits. The type of permit you need is determined by the type of pool or spa you are installing.
Michelle  Farzetta
Retrievr charges a flat $10 doorstep pickup fee and convenience fees for the following items which are listed here and on the Retrievr webpage:
Police Benevolent Association
Employment Opportunities
Resources
Meetings
Sponsor Opportunities
Jim Hersh, P.E.
Not All Recycling Is Created Equal
$10 for each microwave
Public WorksPublic Works Director
Photo Gallery
1 1/2"
mhaldeman@lowergwynedd.org 
Phone: 610-277-6670
Environmental Advisory Council
Paul Kenny
The upcoming events and meetings in and around our Township
Budget & Fiscal Plan
AdministrationTownship Solicitor
Historical Advisory Committee
If you have a large number of tires or non-standard tires to dispose of, they should contact our local tire recycling company:
Montco residents may attend any of the 27 events in the area which run from April to November.  There are no drop off locations, only the events. Montco events require preregistration as do the events in Chester and Delaware Counties.  These events are by appointment only and hours are intentionally not listed. Philadelphia and Bucks County are not using the preregistration system and details including event hours can be found on their websites which are included on the flyer linked here.
$50 for each window air-conditioner
Sewer
Lower Gwynedd Real Estate Tax CollectorPO Box 3042Ambler, PA 19002
Solicitation
Helpful Pages
fzollers@lowergwynedd.org 
Electric
Office Hours Mon-Fri: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm			
6:00 PM
PVC pipe (Schedule 40) may be used for drainage, waste and vent lines underground (Table P300201(2)).
 Oxford Park Pear Tree
Slope
View All Meetings
Elected Auditors
History
Discount Tickets
Lower Gwynedd Township 
Non-Residential Permits 
Alfred Zollers
Meeting
Employment & Volunteer
Tuesday, May 16, 2023
$35 for each TV under 150 lbs. and monitors that use a Cathode Ray Tube (CRT)
7:00 PM
Proposed Ordinances
Departments
Real Estate Tax Collector
*Please note- pools and spas are considered accessory structures.
Installation, replacement, or major repair of any structural component of roof or window structures (trusses, headers, rafters, etc.) for existing buildings requires a Building Permit. No Permit is required when an area of less than 20% of the roof is being re-roofed or repaired, or windows are being repaired or replaced in kind without any alteration to the structure, however, all work must meet the requirements of the 2018 International Building Code (IBC) or 2018 International Residential Code (IRC) as applicable and the manufacturer’s instructions. Failure to secure a permit, when necessary, may result in violations, fines and necessitate the removal of installed structures.
Phone: (215) 646-5302 Fax: (215) 646-3357 contactus@lowergwynedd.org 
(215) 646-5302
Holes drilled or bored in the joists shall be within two inches of the top or the bottom of the joists, and their diameter shall not exceed one-third the depth of the joist.
Electronic Waste
6:30 PM
Building permits are required for sheds greater than 200 square feet. A zoning review will be done as part of this submission. Sheds that are less than 200 square feet do not require a building permit application. They only require a simple zoning permit application be submitted and approved.
Jamie Worman
Calendar
© 2023 Lower Gwynedd Township. All rights reserved.
Homeland Security
A building permit is required for exterior alterations. There is a specific inspection sequence that must be followed, and that information will be provided with the building permit.
Building & ZoningZoning Officer
Fireworks Disposal
Recreation Newsletter
All applications/plans must demonstrate strict compliance with pool barrier requirements before a permit is issued.
Documents
Special Needs Registry
Site Map
Citizen Request Portal
Parks & RecreationParks Superintendent
Residential Permits 
About Lower Gwynedd Township
Storm Drain Marking
CAN PLASTIC BAGS BE RECYCLED? IN SHORT, YES, BUT NOT ALWAYS WITH YOUR OTHER PLASTIC RECYCLING. FIND OUT WHY-CLICK HERE.
$50 for each mini refrigerator under 50 lbs.
View all news
Boards & Commissions
We pride ourselves on the natural balance between historic preservation and modern living. Located only minutes from the city of Philadelphia, Lower Gwynedd has become the most sought after address in Montgomery County.
Office of Open RecordsOpen Records Officer
In Memory of Richard Lawn
Accessory structures require a complete building permit with the zoning permit portion complete along with the required construction and site plans. All accessory structures shall be located entirely within the permissible building area (exclusive of all mandatory setback areas), but not to the front of the main building, or in the rear yard at least 10 feet behind the rearmost portion of the main building, and at least 10 feet from any side or rear property line, except that such distances shall be reduced to five feet in "C" Residential Districts only.
Lower Gwynedd Township
19
pkenny@lowergwynedd.org 
Spring House Intersection Improvement Project-UPDATE
Click here to view the list of dates for 2023! Event hours are not listed since residents MUST schedule an appointment by pre-registering for events.   
Decks
Conshohocken, PA 19428
16
Physical Office Location428 Knight RoadLower Gwynedd, PA 19002 
Lower Gwynedd Township1130 North Bethlehem Pike Spring House, PA 19477								
1130 North Bethlehem Pike
Annual Financial Report
Building & ZoningCodes OnlineDocuments, Forms & PermitsFees for Licenses/PermitsFrequently Asked QuestionsPlumbing InformationProposed OrdinancesZoning MapResidential PermitsNon-Residential Permits
PRIDE Flag Raising-June 1, 2023
Montgomery County has an agreement with “Retrievr” for electronic waste pick up and recycling which is available to all residents, see link https://retrievr.com/location/montgomery-county-pa/ .
Building & ZoningBuilding Inspections
Please be aware that Lower Gwynedd Township does not permit any signs on township properties that aren’t related to the township, sponsored projects, events or operations. Signs that are placed in township parks, open space, or at the municipal building (except on election day) will be removed and owners can retrieve them from the storage area behind the township building for up to two weeks following the event advertised on the sign. 
News
jworman@lowergwynedd.org 
Veterans Day Ceremony
Close menu
Public Works
Articles
SKIP (Safe Kids Identification Program
Spring House,
If you remove, replace, alter, or install an electric system you will need an electrical permit. All electric plans must have a third-party stamp prior to submission. The Township does not perform electrical inspections. Inspections must be contracted with a third-party inspection agency registered with the Township.

Parks & RecreationRecreation Director
New Home Permit Requirements
1/4"
More
The Flawed Law (Electronics Recycling)
Construction CornerTownship MeetingsEmail NotificationsTrash & RecyclingTownship Code of OrdinancesOnline PaymentsVolunteer Application-ElectronicTownship NewsletterTaxes 
Patch History
View Contacts & Directory
Commonwealth Keystone Building400 North Street, 4th FloorHarrisburg, PA 17120-0225
Recycling Informational Articles  | Lower Gwynedd Township
Trap Size
EAC Bird Walk
3"
Plumbing Information 
Building & ZoningCode Enforcement
Installing gas piping? A plumbing permit is required when gas piping is being installed, extended or a new gas fired appliance is being added to an existing system. Your application must include a gas riser diagram is required showing all gas piping on the system from the gas meter to each gas appliance tied into the gas piping.
Commercial Spaces
Additional Permit Information
Free Medicare Seminar
Recycling Presentations & Videos
Drilling and Notching
Montgomery County Recycling Information & Collection Events  | Lower Gwynedd Township
Label and indicate BTUs for each appliance presently tied into the gas line and do the same for any proposed new appliances.
mfarzetta@lowergwynedd.org 
Park List
AN ORDINANCE OF LOWER GWYNEDD TOWNSHIP, MONTGOMERY COUNTY, COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, AMENDING CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE CODE OF LOWER GWYNEDD TOWNSHIP; SPECIFICALLY AMENDING THE PLUMBING CODE, CHAPTER 1444, TO REPEAL CERTAIN TECHNICAL MODIFICATIONS OF THE INTERNATIONAL PLUMBING CODE TO REMOVE REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO THE USE OF CAST-IRON OR COPPER PIPING UNDERGROUND WITHIN A BUILDING; REPEALING ALL INCONSISTENT ORDINANCES OR PARTS THEREOF; PROVIDING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE.
View all events
FinanceAssistant Finance Director
Construction Corner
Snow Plowing
Emergency: 9-1-1
Are Things Really Being Recycled & Recycling Tips
Solar panels require a building permit and electrical permit. We do not provide specific criteria on panels; we defer to the manufacturer’s requirements.
Compatible Trees for Planting Near Power Lines
Plumbing Information
Social
Battery Recycling and Techno Trash ~ Saturday May 13 - 9 am-11am
Volunteer Opportunities
Lower Gwynedd is one of the oldest townships in Montgomery County. Founded in 1698 by William Penn, today it is a beautiful and flourishing community rooted in tradition and culture.
Recreation Programs
Before a permit can be issued for a pool it must comply with the applicable zoning requirements. Each property in Lower Gwynedd Township is part of a designated zoning district. The zoning district specifies the permitted land uses, such as residential, commercial, or industrial, and the minimum distances or set back requirements from the property lines for buildings, accessory structures, and fences, as well as maximum height restrictions. When you apply for a building permit, the application is automatically sent to the Zoning Officer for review. You are encouraged to contact the Zoning Officer before you finalize your plans to make sure that the project meets the minimum zoning requirements and does not encroach on easements or required side, front, or rear yard area. General zoning requirements for swimming pools is that they shall be constructed in accordance with applicable Township ordinances and shall not be located in front yards. All pools, filters, heaters or any facilities incidental thereto shall be not less than 25 feet from all side and rear property lines, except that such distance shall be reduced to fifteen feet in "C" and "CD" Residential Districts.
Planning Commission Meeting
Name
8:30 PM
6'
Fire Marshal/Emergency ManagementEmergency Preparedness Coordinator
No "S" traps will be permitted.
1 1/4"
Document Shredding
Sheds
Questions or comments? Email Us
Non-Emergency: (215) 646-5300
General News
Finance
Park Interactive Trail Maps
Codes Online
Montgomery County Recycling Information & Collection Events 
Telephone & Email Directory
Township Newsletter
$50 for each dehumidifier
Vendors
Contact & Directory  | Lower Gwynedd Township
Generators
16'
