Upper Salford Township: Directory
Community
To report potholes or other hazards on PA STATE-Maintained Roadways, please use the form at customercare.penndot.gov.
*Calls/inquiries to the Township Engineer and/or Solicitor may result in direct personal charges.
Planning Commission
Assistant Secretary/Right to Know Officer
Baghurst Water Contamination
Montgomery County
Historical Society
2020 Census Population
Moyer-Marks Park
Hours: Tuesdays & Thursdays 8am to 4pm
Roads and Highways
marty.uppersalford@gmail.com
Dead Tree Removal
Directions
Ronald Mininger
Agriculture Security District Board
Township Staff
Spring Mountain Ski Area
Township Open Records Officer
Board of Supervisors
Right-To-Know
Intramural Sports
Township Information
Francis “Frank” Newhams, Building Inspector
(610) 287-6160
Term: 2024
(610) 287-6160 | (610) 287-9435 (Fax)
Events & Concerts
Agendas & Minutes
Due to the increasing number of dead trees caused by the Ash Bore disease, Lanternflies, and other damages, property owners are responsible for the removal of dead trees on their property situated next to roads (in the right-of-way) before they become a safety hazard.
Michael Reinert, Technicon Enterprises Inc. II
PA STATE POLICE - SECURE YOUR VEHICLES
Lori F. Smith, Assistant Secretary
The following information was obtained from the Montgomery County website.
P.O. Box 311
Kevin O’Donnell, Coordinator
Submit Septic Receipt
396 Main Street
E-ALERTSSTORMWATER MANAGEMENTGREENWAY GUIDEBOOKOPEN SPACE PLANFIND IT FAST
When completing an Absentee Ballot for Upper Salford Residents, the Ward is “at large” and the District is 147. Absentee Ballots are available at the Township office.
Montgomery County Health Department
Apply for a Permit
Disc Golf
Work is continuing for PennDOT’s Roundabout project at the intersection of Schwenksville/Shelly/Old Skippack.
Term: 2023
Be a resident of Pennsylvania and your election district at least 30 days before the election.
Lost and Found
Term: 2025

Volunteer Form
610-970-5040
GPS Address: 1441 Salford Station Road, Harleysville, PA 19438
Paul Bickel, III, Member
ustaxlady@verizon.net
(610) 286-1622
For more information, contact the County’s Voter Registration Office at (610) 278-3280 or visit the Office of Voter Services at One Montgomery Plaza, 6th Floor, Suite 602, Norristown, Pennsylvania.
TWP FORMSAGENDAS & MINUTESSEPTIC MAINTENANCECOMPREHENSIVE PLANFAQsTAXESSUBSCRIBE TO
State of Pennsylvania
Tax Collector
2023 Septic Pumping Receipts Due by 12/31/2023
3,172
Kevin O’Donnell, Chairman
Term: 2027
Technicon Enterprises Inc. II
Concerts in the Park
Upper Salford Township
Act 44 Municipal Plan
Perkiomen Valley Library
Road Crew Members
Park and Recreation Board
2020 © Upper Salford Township | Designed by SSMCreative, Inc.
To register, you must:
Theodore F. Poatsy Jr, Vice-Chairman
Robert Nase
BudgetBuilding and Zoning2021 Building Permits2020 Building Permits2019 Building PermitsAct 44 Municipal PlanBaghurst Water ContaminationDirectoryDirectionsEmergency ManagementHazard Waste CollectionImportant Phone NumbersRoads and HighwaysCurrent ProjectsTownship NewsletterVolunteer FormBoard of Supervisors
Office of Voter Services
Third-Party Inspectors
Mark Beck, Vice-Chair
Building Code Enforcement Officer
Richard E. Sacks, Member
Term: 2026
lori.uppersalford@comcast.net
Park & Recreation
(610) 287-0440
Mike Reinert, Technicon Enterprises Inc. II
 
Township Administrators
Montgomery County Planner
Montgomery County Planning Commission
Jeff Kerlin of Technicon Enterprises Inc. II
Monday through Friday: 8 am – 4 pm
United States Government
Moyer Lawn Care Notification
Susan Barrick
Township Engineer *
John Klavon, Jr.
(215) 256-6209
Lori F. Smith, Assistant
Upper Salford Township in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Baghurst Remediation Update
2023 UPPER SALFORD TOWNSHIP NEWSLETTER
  Voter Information
Upper Salford Park & Pavilion
Additional information is also available on the FEMA website, FEMA, or by calling 1-800-427-5593.
Open Space Board
The Polling location for Upper Salford Township residents is at the Upper Salford Fire House located at 782 Old Skippack Road in Salfordville, Pennsylvania. Polling time is from 7 am to 8 pm.
In-person Zoning Office Hours: 1:00pm to 4:00pm on Thursdays
Park to Perkiomen Trail Connector
Report Potholes to PennDOT
jkerlin@technicon2.com
amy.uppersalford@comcast.net
Paula Laholt
Elected Auditors
Norristown, PA 19404-0311
Hours: Monday through Friday 8am to 4pm
History
Gary Larson
Philadelphia Folk Fest
Honor Active Duty Military Residents
Engineer
Open Space
EPA is in the process of constructing a water line for the Baghurst Remediation project.  Rahmer Park, including the parking lot, will be posted when closed during their construction phase.  Please avoid the area around the baseball field and do NOT park on the road or at the baseball field entrance! THIS IS AN ACTIVE CONSTRUCTION ZONE!! Trail parking at the Municipal Building is prohibited.  Thank you.   Click here for the latest information fact sheet from EPA.
Click here to read up on the latest news in and around Upper Salford Township!  Please note that our website address is www.uppersalfordtownship.org or www.uppersalfordtownship.com.  We ask that you check out our website periodically for updates and important reminders!
Robert Nase, Upper Salford Township Representative
  Directory
Zoning Officer
            Categories       Agricultural Security Board      Board of Supervisors Meeting      Concert in the Park      Historical Society      Joint Board Meeting      Office Closed      Park Board Meeting      Planning Commission Meeting      Zoning Hearing Board                 Agenda         Agenda        Day        Month        Week             May – July 2023 May – Jul 2023               Collapse All    Expand All         May 16 Tue          CANCELLED – Planning Commission Meeting @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    May 16 @ 7:30 pm     PCAgenda5-16-23     Read more       Categories:   Planning Commission Meeting         May 23 Tue          Park Board Meeting @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    May 23 @ 7:30 pm         Read more       Categories:   Park Board Meeting         May 29 Mon          Office Closed – Memorial Day     Tickets    May 29 all-day         Read more       Categories:   Office Closed            Historical Society – Annual Memorial Day Tribute @ Upper Salford Park     Tickets    May 29 @ 7:00 pm         Read more       Categories:   Historical Society         Jun 6 Tue          Joint Board Meeting @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    Jun 6 @ 7:30 pm         Read more       Categories:   Joint Board Meeting         Jun 13 Tue          Board of Supervisors Meeting @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    Jun 13 @ 7:30 pm         Read more       Categories:   Board of Supervisors Meeting         Jun 20 Tue          Planning Commission Meeting @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    Jun 20 @ 7:30 pm         Read more       Categories:   Planning Commission Meeting         Jun 27 Tue          Park Board Meeting @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    Jun 27 @ 7:30 pm         Read more       Categories:   Park Board Meeting         Jul 4 Tue          Office Closed – Independence Day     Tickets    Jul 4 all-day         Read more       Categories:   Office Closed         Jul 10 Mon          Zoning Hearing – Variance for 1503 Schwenksville Road @ Upper Salford Township Municipal Building     Tickets    Jul 10 @ 6:30 pm     Continued from May 8, 2023     Read more       Categories:   Zoning Hearing Board              May – July 2023 May – Jul 2023              Subscribe        Add to Timely Calendar      Add to Google      Add to Outlook      Add to Apple Calendar      Add to other calendar      Export to XML        
Amy B. Shafer
Roadmaster
Once completed, the Voter Registration form should be mailed to the County’s Voter Services Office at:
Township Solicitor *
2023 Building Permits
How Do I?
Stephen P. Imms, Esquire
Vacancy Board
Melissa Bean, Secretary
Upper Salford Township: Voter Information
Jennifer.Mercurio@montgomerycountypa.gov 
Virginia McElroy
Road Master
Apply for a PermitSubmit Septic ReceiptUnited States GovernmentState of PennsylvaniaMontgomery CountyAmbulance CompaniesLocal OrganizationsHonor Active Duty Military Residents
State Roads Only
UPDATE 4/28/23: The Township was notified that there will be contractors working night shift on Tuesday night, May 2nd, and the work is expected to last for only one night.  Local residents adjacent to the project will be notified.
Latest update: Stage 1 Detour will start on March 6, 2023 – Shelly Road & Schwenksville Roads will be closed. Stage 2 Detour will start on May 1st, 2023 – Old Skippack Road will be closed. Current anticipated reopening of the intersection is scheduled for July 13, 2023.
James DeSpain, Field Scheduler
Primary Menu Government
Upper Salford Township | Township Staff
Ambulance Companies
A list of all roads and the responsible party, in Upper Salford Township, can be found by clicking on this link.
Moyer Indoor | Outdoor Lawn Care will be out to Upper Salford Park and Rahmer Park on Tuesday, May 16, 2023 to apply fertilizer, broadleaf weed control and crabgrass pre-emergent.
PennDOT Update on the Old Skippack & Shelly/Schwenksville Road Intersection
Patrick Dougherty, Chairman
Mailing Address: PO Box 100, Salfordville, PA 18958
Solicitor
Current Projects
Local Organizations
Waste Collection – Trash & Hazardous
LouAnn Pullen
Early History
Jeffrey Bean
How Can I Participate?
  Flood Information
Township Building Inspector/BCO
Budget
Mark Krupp
Images of Old Upper Salford
NewsCalendarNews
Zoning Hearing Board
Chloe Mohr
Misplaced your keys or glasses on the Perkiomen Trail or maybe at the Upper Salford Park or Rahmer Park?  We may have them!  Our office has a small collection from over the past couple of years.  If you lost your keys or a jacket, stop by our office during normal business hours.
Township Meeting Schedule
Stormwater Management
2020 Building Permits
Marty Lynch, Jr.
Calendar
Gary Raisner, Vice-Chairman
PA State Police
Alexis Berry-Heckler, Chair
Tax Collections
Parks & Recreation
Voter Information
Thomas Haney, Alternate
How Can I Donate?
Pottstown, PA 19464
Email: uppersalfordtownship@gmail.com
Reminders will go out at the end of March, if you are due in 2023.  If you get your septic system pumped, please be sure to submit your receipt to our office! You may email a copy to amy.uppersalford@comcast.net, mail a copy to PO Box 100 Salfordville PA 18958, or drop off a copy during normal office hours (M-F, 8am-4pm). Receipts will be due to our office prior to 12/31/2023 to avoid additional fines and penalties.  Please note that not all septic pumpers will send in your receipt to our office.  Remember, it is your responsibility, as the property owner, to make sure that we have an updated receipt on file. Septic pumping is due every 3 years, at a minimum, in accordance with the Upper Salford Township Code of Ordinances Chapter 18.  Thank you in advance for your attention to this very important matter!
Motorists are advised to allow extra time when traveling through the work area because backups and delays will occur. All scheduled activities are weather dependent.  Under this improvement project, PennDOT will construct a single-lane roundabout to enhance traffic flow through the intersection and install new drainage facilities and roundabout lighting.  The purpose of the project is to reduce angle crashes and vehicular speeds; increase sight distance; and improve congestion through the intersection.  Due to the nature of the construction, a traffic detour will be utilized once the project moves from utility construction to roadway construction.  MEDIA CONTACT: Krys Johnson, 610-205-6797
Upper Salford Park Pavilion reservations opened on February 1st.  There are plenty of dates left in July, August, & September; however, May and June weekends are booked. Thank you for your interest.
Building & Zoning
Catherine “Kate” Harper, Solicitor
To obtain a Voter Registration form online, click here.
Lori F. Smith
Board of SupervisorsPlanning CommissionPark & RecreationZoning Hearing BoardTax CollectionsTownship StaffRight-To-KnowOpen Space BoardAgriculture Security District BoardTownship Meeting ScheduleAgendas & MinutesSecretary/Treasurer
John Giannini, Chairman
Flood Information
  Township Staff
PO Box 311
Important Phone Numbers
Lori Smith
Indian Valley Regional Joint UCC Appeals Board
Upper Salford Township: Flood Information
Harleysville, PA 19438
UPPER SALFORD PARK PAVILION RESERVATIONS
Sheldon Smith
Dave Davis
364 King Street
Morgantown, PA 19543
Rahmer Park
2021 Building Permits
Emergency Management
For all available flood insurance options, visit the National Flood Insurance Program website at Flood Smart or call 1-888-379-9531.
Registration Information and Requirements
If you have any structure(s) located within the 100 year floodplain, it is suggested that you contact your insurance carrier as soon as possible to make sure you have sufficient coverage in the event that your property is damaged due to flooding.
200 Bethlehem Drive, Suite 201
Be at least 18 years of age on or before the day of the next primary, special, municipal or general election.
Township Newsletter
Amy B. Shafer, Secretary/Treasurer
Be a citizen of the United States at least one month before the election.
CalendarFlood InformationStormwater ManagementSpring Mountain Ski AreaPhiladelphia Folk FestUpper Salford Library
2022 Building Permits
The PA State Police have been reminding everyone to secure their vehicles and not leave anything in clear sight!  Click here for the announcement!
Directory
Township Tax Collector
A multi-year project to re-examine flood zones and develop detailed, digital flood hazard maps has been completed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The maps, also known as Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs), reflect current flood risks. You can visit FEMA’s online Map Service Center at msc.fema.gov for internet-accessible information about flood risk on a property-by-property basis. (When on that site, after you put in the address you are searching for, choose “Interactive Map” from the left side menu and that will show the Flood Hazard Zones.)
Stephen P. Imms, Jr.
Jennifer Mercurio
