The third Tuesday in May is Primary Election Day in Pennsylvania except in presidential election years when the Primary is held on the fourth Tuesday in April. Only voters registered in a political party can vote for that party's candidates in a Primary although independent voters may vote on referendum questions that appear on Primary Election ballots.
8:00a to 4:30p
Governor Josh Shapiro (D) 1st Term Expires 1/20/2027
Parks & Recreation: Window is currently closed.
DETAILS 
Contacts
Ben Sanchez Website
Pennsylvania Voter Information Site
Montgomery County Voter Services
PRIMARY ELECTIONS
Lycorma delicatula, commonly known as the Spotted Lanternfly (SLF), is a new invasive insect that has spread throughout southeastern Pennsylvania since its discovery in Berks County in 2014. SLF presents a significant threat to Pennsylvania agriculture, including the grape, tree-fruit, hardwood and nursery industries, which collectively are worth nearly $18 billion to the state's economy.
Due to tornado damage sustained at the municipal complex on Loch Alsh Avenue, residents can now reach the Township at 215-643-1600 or visit the temporary offices at 370 Commerce Drive in Fort Washington. 
Environment
Election Results from Montgomery County
Hurricane Ida News Archive
Robbins Park
 	Nova Chip Program
5-3
President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. Approves Pennsylvania Disaster Declaration – Friday, 9/1/2021
Township Maps
Online Form: White House Contact Form
Dureka, Derek
Below, please find the most current and up-to-date information on ...
Community Planning and Zoning Office
Neighborhood Pop-Up Meetings - Saturday, 9/4/2021
Prepare for a Storm
Limberakis, Alexis
                (215) 643-1600 x3372/tfountain@upperdublin.net
Contact Information The Township of Upper Dublin is located at:
President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. (D) 1st Term Expires 1/20/2025
8:30a to 4:30p
Communications Coordinator
Signs & Symptoms
Electors may pick up voter registration applications at most public buildings: Municipal Centers, Libraries, Liquor Stores, Post Offices. Fill out the application and submit it to the Voter Registration Office. Registration books close 30 days before any election and are reopened five days after a Primary Election and 30 days after General or Municipal Election. Electors may also register to vote online.
Upper Dublin Township
Fundraisers
As part of the Township's ongoing reinvestment and modernization program ...
Joint Statement
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. (D) Term Expires 1/3/2025
  at  8am.
Residential & Business Disaster Preparedness Information | Upper Dublin Township
Township Calendar
(View Cart)
The Public Assistance application period has ended, effective December 7, 2021. Agencies with questions may contact PEMA Specialist Jonathan Skripka at jskripka@pa.gov.
2-2 Fort Washington Fire Company Station A - 1245 Fort Washington Avenue, Fort Washington
Community Resources & Programs Directory
(801 Loch Alsh Ave location is currently closed due to damage from Hurricane Ida.)
Primary Election Day
Township Tax Collector Michael E. Klein (D) 2nd Term Expires 12/31/2025
Employment
District Justices
Montgomery County Commissioners
370 Commerce Drive
As homeowners continue to re-plant, please read this information from the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources on landscaping with native plants.
 
Upper Dublin Township is soliciting proposals from qualified firms to take the lead on a substantial update of the Township’s Comprehensive Plan. See details below.
Business and Civic Organizations
Website
Avoid Home Remedies to Control Spotted Lanternfly
Municipal Authority (MA)
Township Solicitor
Aqua PA: 1-877-987-2782 or after hours: 1-800-771-4779
Video: Tree of Heaven: Accurate Identification
                (215) 643-1600/jhummel@upperdublin.net
Individual Assistance Appeals
Shade Tree Commission Meeting
Donations
Planning and Preparedness | Montgomery County, PA
United States President
Right to Know Requests
What's at Risk
On September 10th, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) announced that federal disaster assistance has been made available to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to supplement commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the areas affected by Hurricane Ida from August 31 to September 5, 2021.  Financial assistance was made available for affected individuals.  Federal assistance programs included but were not limited to rental assistance, repair or replacement of housing to a safe, sanitary, and functional standard (not pre-disaster condition), funds for other needs (e.g., vehicles, clothing, appliances, etc.), and low-interest loans.
Township-Approved Electrical Inspection Agencies
 ⁄Township Information                    
Feature
Director
Foreclosures
The Township of Upper Dublin
PA Website
Choosing a Qualified Pest Management or Lawn Care Company
Kerprich, Geralyn
Cross County Trail & Fort Washington Office Park Infrastructure Improvement Program
Voter Services Office Locations
Water Wise
Fort Washington Office Park
                (215) 643-1600 x3245/cklauder@upperdublin.net
Potentially at stake are Pennsylvania's grape, tree-fruit, hardwood, nursery and landscape industries, which generate agricultural crops and forest products worth nearly $18 billion annually. The insect also can cause damage to high-value ornamentals in home landscapes and can affect quality of life for residents.
Pennsylvania Campaign Finance
7:30a to noon
Friday, September 10th at 4:00pm - Loch Alsh Avenue at the flag pole in front of UDHS.
Links
Stormwater Management Program (SWMP)
Apply for Mail-In Voting
FEMA Individual Assistance Fact Sheet
Code Enforcement
5-2
Administration
Please visit the Township Building at 370 Commerce Drive for all permit needs.
Twining Valley Park
Upper Dublin Township was established in 1701, when William Penn ordered a survey of all townships in the Commonwealth. It was first settled in 1698 and was incorporated in 1719 according to records from the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission regarding Montgomery County municipalities. 
Permit & Rental Specialist
Past Elections Official Results from Montgomery County
Read the full release here:  https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2021/09/10/president-joseph-r-biden-jr-approves-pennsylvania-disaster-declaration/
Maps
News release: Homeowners Devastated by Ida Can Still Request Deeds Free of Charge from Montco Recorder of Deeds (09/01/22)
Find Answers (FAQ)
Upper Dublin Township Lists for Storm-Related Rebuilding Needs 
Happenings
Utilities
North Hills Community Education Grant
CONTACT US
UDTV
Spotted Lanternfly Management for Homeowners
Voter Information & Elected Officials | Upper Dublin Township
Township Manager
Township Ward Map - Polling Locations on this Township generated map are valid for the November 3, 2020 General Election
FEMA Disaster Assistance Sequence of Delivery Fact Sheet
Parks & Recreation
Pennsylvania State House of Representatives
The Montco Emergency Disaster Relief Fund (Administered by The Montgomery County Foundation, Inc., a 501(c)(3) nonprofit public charity)
Montgomery County Emergency Management
Email: bsanchez@pahouse.net
Upper Dublin residents that have been affected by the tornado and flooding associated with Hurricane Ida are encouraged to reach out the the HIRRC at storm@upperdublin.net or by telephone at 215-643-1600 ext. 3378 to discuss their disaster-related needs.  The HIRRC may coordinate with UDT personnel or provide referrals to community resources suited to support storm survivors’ needs.
FEMA Disaster Declaration
Public Water Quality
Page Contents:
Conte, Jesse
Call Upper Dublin Township, at (215) 643-1600 ext. 0
For additional information regarding yard waste collection, trash, recycling, and other Public Works details, click here: UDT Public Works
READ MORE
The Montgomery County Recorder of Deeds office will provide, free of charge, a certified copy of deeds lost or destroyed by Hurricane Ida. The Recorder of Deeds office is open to the public Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.  If you have questions, please call 610-278-3289 or visit montcopa.org/rod.
Meeting Calendar
Donate by check (made payable to Upper Dublin Citizen Emergency Fund), and mail to Upper Dublin Township, c/o Jonathan Bleemer, 370 Commerce Drive, Fort Washington, PA 19034.
3-2
State - 151st
Mental Health Support
Fort Washington Office Park Infrastructure Improvement Program
                (215) 643-1600 x3443/prcsr@upperdublin.net
                (610) 275-0700/ghigh@highswartz.com
Upper Dublin Township Emergency Management
Constable Tyler B. Blaetz (L) (six-year term expires January 2028)
Customer Service
VOTING WARDS/DISTRICTS
The application deadlines for SBA Disaster Assistance have passed. Questions?  Call 1-800-659-2955 (1-800-877-8339 for deaf/hard of hearing) between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m., seven days a week, or email disastercustomerservice@sba.gov.
5-3 New Life Presbyterian Church - 2015 S. Limekiln Pike, Dresher
Penn State Extension Spotted Lanternfly Management Resources
Comprehensive Plan
                (215) 643-1600 x3242/etimby@upperdublin.net
17
Tax Relief for Catastrophic Property Loss
Donate by check (made payable to The Montco Emergency Disaster Relief Fund), and mail to The Montgomery County Foundation, Inc., 4 Sentry Parkway East, Suite 302, Blue Bell, PA 19422
To qualify as a voter, a resident must register after meeting four requirements: (1) eighteen years of age, (2) a U.S. citizen for at least one month, (3) a resident of the election district at least 30 days, (4) a resident of Pennsylvania for at least 30 days. Voters who move within the state within 30 days prior to an election may vote in that election at their previous election district. Registration is permanent unless an elector moves to another election district or fails to vote for two consecutive years.
Email: repcerrato@pahouse.net
Spotted Lanternfly Management for Landscape Professionals
Fowler, Andy
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania disaster preparedness and readiness information - Ready PA
24/7
Transportation
Hours of Operation
Established in 2018, the Upper Dublin Citizen Emergency Fund (CEF) was created to provide relief to distressed persons in Upper Dublin Township facing a critical, immediate need for food, shelter, medical care or clothing for their health and well-being. Following the events of Hurricane Ida on September 1, 2021, the UDCEF Board of Directors instituted a “Natural Disaster Inclusion” stating that expenses related to natural disasters, such as the flooding and tornadoes associated with Hurricane Ida, will be considered in the period immediately following an event, concluding at a future time to be determined.  To make a donation to the UDCEF in support of Upper Dublin residents in need, please find the option that works best for you:
Storm-affected residents may email the UDT Hurricane Ida Recovery Resources Coordinator at storm@upperdublin.net with any questions, concerns or storm-related information.
Klauder, Colin
Township Information
ABSENTEE BALLOTS
 .
DETAILS
Manager's Office Administrator
Mon-Thu
*NOTE: the term "Public" here refers to public agencies (i.e., governments), not members of the public.  Individuals and households are eligible to apply for aid through the Individual Assistance program (see details above). 
Click this link for more information on upcoming meetings.
Police
Upcoming Events
POLLING LOCATION LIST
NOAA Storm Event Detail
Absentee Ballot Information
Hurricane Ida | Montgomery County, PA - Official Website (montcopa.org)
Full Calendar
CONTACT US | Upper Dublin Township
Senator John Fetterman (D) 1st Term Expires 1/3/2027
Report an Issue Would you like to report an issue?
Disaster Recovery Information - Hurricane Ida
As of May 1, 2023, the Hurricane Ida Relief Fund ...
While the party committee names a slate, others may run for Primary nomination by meeting the legal qualifications for the office in question, obtaining the required number of signatures, and filing papers with the appropriate authority by the filing deadline. Contact the County Board of Elections for additional information
Pennsylvania Governor
Parks Division Foreman
Department
Public Meetings
The application process for storm-related replace-in-kind permits (not alterations) will be expedited and some permits may be issued the same day.  Residents/contractors can make an appointment to meet with code officials by calling 215 416-3600.  Appointments should be made at least 24 hours in advance.  It is understood that many residents are in negotiations with their insurance companies regarding settlements and may have building plans that require consultation and/or quick review.  Code officials will make every effort to assist residents through this process.
Ward - District
Yard Waste
Dearden, Ed
If any work is started or performed prior to permit issuance, Late Fees will be charged per Township Ordinance.
List of Structural Engineers* (*NOTE: A company or contractor’s appearance on this list does not imply any endorsement or recommendation by Upper Dublin Township)
Kenny, Colleen
The Upper Dublin Shade Tree Commission sponsors an Adopt-A-Tree event each year in the spring and fall. Trees may be reserved through the UD Parks & Recreation website.  Stay tuned to official Upper Dublin Township communications for additional information.  Questions and inquiries may be addressed to shadetreecommission@upperdublin.net.
Office of Open Records
Open Records Officer
The UDPD is offering a free four-day camp for enthusiastic kids aged 9-11 years-old who are interested in law enforcement. Program will run 8/7 to 8/10 from 8:30am - 1:45pm. Registration ends 7/27. Click the link for more info.
It takes approximately 15 business days for residential and 30 business days for commercial plan review.
Hurricane Ida Survivor Resources
Confirm polling locations at https://www.montcopa.org/845/Where-Do-I-Vote:
Code Enforcement References related to Hurricane Ida
Recorded Community Programs – Three “Healing from the Tornado” programs are available for survivors to view (Parenting & Child Wellness, Adult Resilience & Recovery, and Community Healing for Helpers) here: UDPL Previously Recorded Programs.  Scroll as needed to the program you would like view.
 Upper Dublin Library at  3:30pm.
If you have a police-related non-emergency question, please call the non-emergency line at 215-646-2101.
4-3
Placard example
Fort Washington, PA 19034
Where it's Found
7-3
Federal Election Commission - Campaign Finance
FEMA Public* Assistance
Donate online
9:30a to noon, 1:00p to 4:00p
Real Estate Tax Office
Permit applications are available in the lobby of the Township Building at 370 Commerce Drive. “Fillable” applications are available online at DOCUMENTS & FORMS | Upper Dublin Township  (Click Code Enforcement >> **Permit Applications and Forms >> Scroll to applicable form).
18
Ask a Question
E-newsletter Sign-upSign up for our email newsletter & find out what′s happening with us! 
Fire Services
Traffic Improvement Projects
Sustainable UDT Initiatives
March 13th, 2023: A Joint Statement from Upper Dublin Township & Upper Dublin School District, view below.
All of Upper Dublin is in State Senatorial District 7 and U.S. Congressional District 4.
Phone And Email Directory
Community Planning and Zoning
Home
Check on your neighbors – If you know of anyone in particular need (i.e., neighbors living in their homes without power, elderly residents in need of assistance, those with special financial issues, etc.), please contact the Township at 215-643-1600. We will coordinate a wellness check.
Tree Planting and Care Fund
Next
Government
Hummel, John
Upper Dublin Public Library Visit the library website!
General Elections when state and federal offices are filled occur in even numbered years while Municipal elections, including county offices, are held in odd numbered years. Both are held on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. All elections are supervised by the County Board of Elections. The polls are open from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
Frequently Asked Questions
Compost Site Open
The Spotted Lanternfly attacks fruit trees, but not the fruit itself. It uses its piercing-sucking mouthparts to feed on the sap in trunks, branches, twigs and leaves. These oozing wounds will leave a greyish or black trail along the bark of the plant.
UD Medals
Business & Development
Citizen Emergency Fund
Business and Industry
A toll-free legal aid helpline, operated by Legal Aid of Southeastern PA, is available for survivors of Hurricane Ida in Pennsylvania. Low-income survivors facing legal issues may call 877-429-5994. The helpline will be staffed Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., but messages can be left 24/7.  Callers should identify that they are seeking storm-related legal assistance, name the county in which they are located, and describe their legal problems. Survivors who qualify for assistance will be matched with Pennsylvania lawyers who have volunteered to provide free legal help.  Examples of legal assistance related to Hurricane Ida may include:
Manager's Office Assistant
Regular Yard Waste Collection is ongoing. For specific questions, please call the Public Works Department at 215-643-1600 ext. 3810 or click here:  UDT Yard Waste
1-1 Church of the Open Door - 1260 Fort Washington Avenue, Fort Washington
Documents & Forms
About Upper Dublin Township 
Montgomery County Constables website
2-1
Previous
Upper Dublin Medals Program
VOTER REGISTRATION
Human Resources
2-3 Operating Engineers, 1375 Virginia Drive, Suite 100, Fort Washington (Entrance on Susquehanna Road)
Note: All Township Offices (except for Police) are closed on major holiday observed dates: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Day, Presidents Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Some departments close the day after Thanksgiving.
Citizen Emergency Fund (CEF)
 Parks & Rec Check out the Parks & Recreation Website & Online Registration.
Schools
The Montgomery County Board of Assessment Appeals offers relief for anyone who has experienced a catastrophic loss to their property. The reduction to the assessment is based on the amount of damage sustained.  Relief is offered for damage from Hurricane Ida, as well as for ANY other catastrophic loss (e.g., fire, flood, tornado, hurricane, etc.).  If you believe that your property has suffered significant damage, please contact the Board of Assessment Appeals at 610-278-3761 and ask to speak to the assessor for your area.  The assessor will visit your property and make a determination if it warrants a reduction in tax burden due to catastrophic loss.
Business Welcome Packet
Reading Materials and Reference Books - Reading materials for adults and children regarding rebuilding, recovery, trauma, and stress management are available from the Upper Dublin Public Library. For a list of materials, please refer to the UDPL Tornado Recovery Resource List.
If you are experiencing an emergency, call 9-1-1 immediately.
Township Information | Upper Dublin Township
Transportation Demand Management Plan (TDM)
370 Commerce Drive, Fort Washington, PA 19034
Lohoefer, Rebecca
Spotted Lanternfly Information | Upper Dublin Township
Residential debris collection related to the September 1st tornado and hurricane is now complete. The drop-off site located behind the damaged Township Building (801 Loch Alsh Avenue) is closed.  Questions?  Call 215 643-1600 ext. 3221 or rlohoefer@upperdublin.net
No work may commence until the permit application has been reviewed, approved, and issued. Permits will be issued via email along with a note in regard to COVID-19 procedures.
STORE
Video: Controlling Tree of Heaven: Why it Matters
National disaster preparedness and readiness information - Ready.gov
1-3
Upper Dublin Township Code Enforcement & Storm Permit Information
A new zoning ordinance and design guidelines for the Fort ...
3-1
Fort Washington Traffic Calming
The Upper Dublin Township Police Department has temporarily moved to the UD Public Library building at 520 Virginia Drive.
 ⁄Disaster Recovery Information - Hurricane Ida                    
Pop-Up Community Meeting - Friday, 9/10/2021
Parks Superintendent
Spotted Lanternfly Information
Emergency Management
Request for Proposals
The League of Women Voters
Civil and disability rights cases
Upper Dublin Township Hurricane Ida Recovery Resource Coordinator (“HIRRC”)
1-2 Upper Dublin Lutheran Church - 411 Susquehanna Road, Ambler
CALENDAR
Join us for the 39th Annual Upper Dublin Medals Ceremony & Reception on Wednesday, May 17th
Recreation Coordinator
Montgomery County Sample Ballots
Hours
Three pop-up neighborhood meetings (Fort Washington, Stuart Creek & Joel Drive) occurred on Saturday (9/4/2021) with Township and PECO representatives.  Updated information was shared and there was a Q&A with residents.
Survivors of Hurricane Ida who live in Montgomery County or other designated counties in Pennsylvania and received initial rental assistance from FEMA may be eligible for continued rental assistance. Survivors applying for continued assistance must complete an Application for Continued Temporary Housing Assistance.  To request this form, call the FEMA Helpline at 800-621-3362.  FEMA will evaluate the request to determine if the applicant is eligible.  For additional information, click here:  FEMA Continued Rental Assistance
Secure Drop Box Locations
Absentee and Mail-In Voting (Montgomery County)
List of Contractors* (*NOTE: A company or contractor’s appearance on this list does not imply any endorsement or recommendation by Upper Dublin Township)
Timby, Erin
If you find Spotted Lanternfly, take action by using the resources below.
2-2
Debris Removal & Yard Waste Collection
High, Jr., Gilbert
6-2 Temple Sinai Synagogue - 1401 N. Limekiln Pike, Dresher
 
                (215) 643-1600 x3843/ckenny@upperdublin.net
Voter Information & Elected Officials
Text GIVE or DONATE to (610) 600-1764
Street Lights
Upper Dublin Public Library 
02/17/23 ANNOUNCEMENT – Hurricane Ida Relief Fund (HIRF)
State - 153rd
Emergency Management Information | Upper Dublin Township
Email: MontgomeryCountyCommissioners@mail.montcopa.org
                (215) 643-1600 x3238/lbrink@upperdublin.net
Presentation - Signal Evaluation for Camp Hill Road & Virginia ...
Insurance Questions & Issues with Insurance Companies
Emergency Phone Numbers
Constable Steven B. Crowder (D/R) (six-year term expires January 2028)
4-3 Mar Thoma Church - 1085 Camp Hill Road, Fort Washington
Historic Preservation
Resources
Municipal Complex Master Plan Support Documents
Meetings
Civil Service Commission
5-2 New Life Presbyterian Church - 2015 S. Limekiln Pike, Dresher
Administrative Offices
Spotted Lanternfly IPM Management Calendar
Click below to access our Meeting webpage for links, agendas, minutes & archived videos.
Smith, Janice
On December 14, 2021, the Commissioners of Upper Dublin Township adopted a Resolution Establishing the Tree Planting and Care Fund. Click this link to learn about the Tree Planting and Care Fund.
How Do I Prepare for a Storm? | Upper Dublin Township
Code Enforcement Permit Procedures and Instructions
Legal Aid of Southeastern PA – Hurricane Ida Helpline
© 2023 Upper Dublin Township, Pennsylvania. All rights reserved.      Privacy Policy / Web Site Disclaimer / Terms of UseEmployee Portal / Employee Email Access
*NOTE: INCOMPLETE or ILLEGIBLE permit application will delay the review of the application. ALL email addresses must be completed for the property owner, contractors, etc.  NO APPLICATIONS will be accepted without email addresses.
Meeting Agendas, Minutes, Videos
4-2 Christ's Lutheran Church - 700 E. Pennsylvania Avenue, Oreland (Doors on the Right)
For more information on the Public Assistance program, visit https://www.fema.gov/assistance/public/program-overview.
 ⁄CONTACT US                    
ELECTED OFFICIALS
Website: https://www.whitehouse.gov/
Website: https://www.mariaforpasenate.com/
7-1
                (215) 643-1600 x3221/rlohoefer@upperdublin.net
7-1 Congregation Beth Or - 239 Welsh Road, Ambler
FEMA Disaster Assistance Programs
4-1
Upper Dublin Citizen Emergency Fund (A 501(c)(3) charitable, non-profit organization entirely funded by private donations.)
Public Meetings - All public meetings will be held at 520 Virginia Drive.
ELECTION PROCESS
Individual Assistance
6-1
Boards & Commissions Members
United States Senate
Bucks County Water and Sewer: 1-800-222-2068
Pennsylvania State Senate
Continued Rental Assistance
Tree-of-Heaven Identification
Email: comments@whitehouse.gov
The Montgomery County Commissioners have announced the creation of the Montco Emergency Disaster Relief Fund, hosted by the Montgomery County Foundation, Inc. All donations to this fund will support non-profit agencies serving Montgomery County individuals and families impacted by the remnants of Hurricane Ida.  Funds can be used to support housing, food, gasoline, and household needs such as cleaning products, hygiene products, bedding, towels, and clothing.  Donations are tax-deductible as allowable by law.  Contributors can donate to the Montco Emergency Disaster Relief Fund through the following ways:
                (215) 643-1600 x3220/jconte@upperdublin.net
Landlord/Tenant issues
Fri
Hurricane Ida Relief Fund (HIRF) Round 3 application period is now open and will conclude when funds are fully distributed, or on December 31, 2023, whichever occurs first. Click the link for more details.
FEMA Appeals
5-1
7-3 Upper Dublin Lutheran Church - 411 Susquehanna Road, Ambler
365 days
Departments
General Meeting Info. (BOC)
VOTING LINKS
The purpose of this page is to update Township residents ...
Bankruptcies
4-2
State Representative District 153 Ben Sanchez (D) 3rd Term Expires 1/3/2025
Website: http://casey.senate.gov/
District Justice Patricia Zaffarano, District 38-1-10 (R) Term Expires 12/31/2023
Spotted Lanternfly Management Calendar
Upper Dublin Township is pleased to announce the newly-created Hurricane Ida Relief Fund (HIRF), financed by a $1.5 million grant from the Pennsylvania Department of Community & Economic Development. This grant was secured by State Senators Maria Collett and Vincent Hughes to ease the financial strain experienced by property owners and residents impacted by the tornado and flooding of Hurricane Ida. Upper Dublin shares this grant with Horsham Township. March 31, 2023, is the deadline for Round 1 applications for HIRF consideration. Property owners and residents with eligible storm-related expenses are strongly encouraged to submit an application as soon as possible. For full program information, eligibility guidelines, and application materials, please visit www.upperdublin.net/hirf. Paper application materials are available at the Township Offices at 370 Commerce Drive. If you have any questions, please contact hirf@upperdublin.net or call 215-643-1600 ext. 3138.
Constables
Disaster Recovery Information – Hurricane Ida | Upper Dublin Township
9/7/2022: The last & largest portion of the Phase ...
State Senator 12 District Maria Collett (D) Term Expires 2026
Right To Know Requests
(215) 643-1600 
TTY: 711
Local organization of political parties is based on the County Committee of each party. Its membership consists of two people from each voting district who are elected by the voters every two years at the Primary Election. Committee people also serve on a township committee where they act as party representatives and select a slate for nomination to local offices at the Primary Election.
Paving Programs
State Representative District 151 Melissa Cerrato (D) 1st Term Expires 1/3/2025
BET Investments Developments at Welsh & Dreshertown Roads
Scholarships
Traffic & Transportation
Phone: (215) 643-1600
Apply for a Job
Madeleine Dean Website
Please visit the Library's website for more information
 Manufacturers' Golf and Country Club at  7pm.
PA One Call
Echevarria, Tammy
1-2
Program Flyer:  English | Spanish
Hurricane Ida Relief Fund (HIRF)
Upper Dublin's registered voters have the political address of U.S. Congressional District 4. Upper Dublin is in State Senatorial District 7, and State Representative Districts 151, 152, & 153 in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Voters cast their ballots in election districts scattered throughout the Township.
                (215) 643-1600 x3241/techevarria@upperdublin.net
Wissahickon Valley Watershed Association
Penn State Extension
E-Bid
Request for Proposals/Bids
Website: http://www.governor.pa.gov
Fountain, Thomas
DOCUMENTS & FORMS
Board of Commissioners
2023 Election Information
Note: As part of the initial intake, residents will be asked to provide information on any Ida-related assistance they may have previously received from Montgomery County or non-profit, social service, or disaster assistance agencies.  Failure to provide this information could result in a duplication of benefits and may affect eligibility for any future assistance.
                (215) 643-1600 x3239/ddureka@upperdublin.net
Information from Penn State Extension
4-1 Christ's Lutheran Church - 700 E. Pennsylvania Avenue, Oreland (Middle Doors)
By appointment only
Hurricane Ida Relief Fund (HIRF) Application Deadline
 	Mill and Overlay Resurfacing Program
State
Drive-Thru Services
Phone: (215) 368-1429
FEMA Individual Disaster Assistance Programs & Appeals 
16
                (215) 643-1600/kferguson@upperdublin.net
Montgomery County
Upper Dublin Township yard waste collections begin the week of March 6, 2023.
Hurricane Ida & Tornado Survivors Support Group – A conversational and social peer-led support group for storm survivors, meeting monthly. For latest events, check the UDPL Events Calendar
BET Investments proposed an amendment to the Township’s Office Center ...
Health
Recreation & Field Specialist
Township Facilities Project: 520 Virginia Drive & 801/805 Loch Alsh Avenue
Email: Contact via 'Web Form.'
Facilities
Township and School District representatives gave updates.  There was a Q&A.
 ⁄Government⁄Voter Information & Elected Officials                    
News
RECENT UPDATE:
Public Works
MONTGOMERY COUNTY VOTER SERVICES AND ELECTION RESULTS
Absentee ballot applications are available in person or by mail up to one week before the election from the County Board of Elections. Electors may also pick up absentee ballot applications at most public buildings: Municipal Centers, Libraries, Liquor Stores, Post Offices. Emergency application for causes not known earlier are acceptable up to 5:00 p.m. of the Friday before the election. Absentee ballots may be requested for illness or for business or occupational reasons.
USA.GOV, US Government Made Easy
A pre-demo inspection must be scheduled and performed prior to issuance of the demo permit, and a final demo inspection must be scheduled and performed prior to issuance of the permits for construction
S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”) Physical Disaster Loans
Find a Business
Hurricane Ida News & Information Archive
Hurricane Ida Disaster Case Management Program
MAY
Downloadable (PDF) Township Map-Ward
Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture - Spotted Lanternfly
Township Code
Project Vote Smart
About Upper Dublin Township
The following items relate to the Municipal Complex Master Plan ...
7-2

Alerts:
Numerous “Guides” for permit application submittals are available in the lobby of the Township Building at 370 Commerce Drive. Guides are available online at DOCUMENTS & FORMS | Upper Dublin Township  (Click Code Enforcement >> **Permit Submission Guides and Lists >> Scroll to applicable guide).
Brink, Linda
In coordination with LandStudies, Inc., Upper Dublin Township has developed a reforestation plan for Tannerie Run West (Park), which includes planting of approximately 1,659 plants.  This 8.5 acre open space property, located along Joel Drive between Susquehanna Road and Meetinghouse Road, was devastated by the September 1st The plan can be found here.
Determined ineligible for FEMA disaster assistance? You can appeal the decision within 60 days, although appeals may be considered beyond that time on a case-by-case basis.  Click here to learn more.  If you require assistance with a FEMA appeal, please contact the Hurricane Ida Disaster Case Management Program for Southeastern Pennsylvania at 833-461-8IDA (8432).  A trained Disaster Case Manager will provide a comprehensive assessment of your needs and is able to assist with FEMA appeals.
Stein, Katie
GENERAL ELECTIONS
Preparedness Planning & Emergency Links
How You Can Comply with the Spotted Lanternfly Quarantine Regulations
                (215) 643-1600 x3220/openrecordsofficer@upperdublin.net
Construction and Zoning
Interactive Township Wards/Districts and Polling Locations Map
7:30a to 3:00p
E-mail: Contact Via 'Web Form.'
Upper Dublin Township | Home
Upper Dublin Township values ...
State - 152nd
2023 Cop Camp!
Phone: 833-321-6391
3-1 Jarrettown Methodist Church - 1460 N. Limekiln Pike, Jarrettown
Development
Upper Dublin Township Contact Information
                215-643-1600/edearden@upperdublin.net
Debris Removal & Yard Waste Collection 
20
2-3
For full Code Enforcement information, visit Code Enforcement | Upper Dublin Township
Mon-Fri
A meeting to discuss Fort Washington Traffic Calming recommendations ...
connectUpperDublin
Flood insurance disputes
Community Events
Email: senator@casey.senate.gov
Permit fees can be submitted with the application(s) via check or paid with a credit card (Visa, MasterCard, Discover) over the phone at 215-643-1600.
The FEMA Individual Assistance and SBA Physical Disaster Loan application period has ended as of January 10, 2022, and the late registration period ended on March 10, 2022. Individuals with questions are encouraged to contact FEMA directly at 800-621-3362.
Bottom Right Link 
Tree Planting & Landscaping
Upper Dublin Board of Commissioners
Upper Dublin Triathlon
1-3 Church of the Open Door - 1260 Fort Washington Avenue, Fort Washington
Have you seen a Spotted Lanternfly?
The Township spoke with water suppliers on Saturday, 9/4/2021.  All three (AQUA, Ambler Borough, & North Wales Water Authority) confirmed that there are NO ISSUES WITH WATER QUALITY.
Depending on need and circumstances, additional resources may be available to you. Please refer to the UDCEF Community Resources & Programs Directory to learn more.  Please reach out to the organization(s) directly.
5-1 Operating Engineers - 1375 Virginia Drive, Suite 100, Fort Washington (Entrance on Susquehanna Road)
Natural Resources Manager
Bird Town Pennsylvania
Quick Links
Letter to residents regarding unsafe structures
Melissa Cerrato Website
Montgomery County Mobile Crisis provides support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at 1-855-634-HOPE (4673). This service is available to anyone in Montgomery County, including children, teens, adults, and families.
Code Enforcement (Building Permits counter is currently closed - drop off permit applications in the Township Building lobby)
How Do I?
The Upper Dublin Tree Tenders is a Pennsylvania Horticultural Society group of volunteers that coordinate and assist with replanting trees on private property throughout the Township. For updated information on opportunities to volunteer or request assistance, please contact udtreetenders@gmail.com or visit Upper Dublin Tree Tenders on Facebook.
The Police Department has temporarily relocated to 520 Virginia Drive. If you need an officer, call 9-1-1. | All other Township departments have temporarily relocated to 370 Commerce Drive. | The Real Estate Tax office is located at 370 Commerce Drive. There is a tax payment drop box at the rear of the parking lot at that location. | All public meetings are being held at 520 Virginia Drive.
Official Disaster Event Information
Emergency: 9-1-1
Montgomery County residents still experiencing unmet needs related to Hurricane Ida can contact the Disaster Case Management Program at 833-461-8IDA (8432).  This is a free service that partners an individual or household with a trained Disaster Case Manager (DCM), who will perform a comprehensive assessment of your needs and help you to access eligible resources.  A DCM will advocate on your behalf with FEMA, insurance companies, the Small Business Administration (SBA), and other disaster-related services. Spanish-speaking Disaster Case Managers are available.
Email: John Fetterman Contact Form
Fax: (215) 542-0797
SLF is currently found in 34 counties in Pennsylvania, all of which are under a state-imposed quarantine. The quarantine is in place to stop the movement of SLF to new areas within or out of the current quarantine zone and to slow its spread within the quarantine. The quarantine affects vehicles and other conveyances, plant, wood, stone products and outdoor household items. Counties within the quarantine zone: Allegheny, Beaver, Berks, Blair, Bucks, Cambria, Cameron, Carbon, Chester, Columbia, Cumberland, Dauphin, Delaware, Franklin, Huntingdon, Juniata, Lackawanna, Lancaster, Lebanon, Lehigh, Luzerne, Mifflin, Monroe, Montgomery, Montour, Northampton, Northumberland, Perry, Philadelphia, Pike, Schuylkill, York, Wayne, and Westmoreland. In addition to Pennsylvania, SLF is also found in New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Connecticut, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, and West Virginia. Do your part to slow the spread by complying with the SLF quarantine relations.
 	Ralumac ...
 ⁄Environment⁄Spotted Lanternfly Information                    
Using Traps for Spotted Lanternfly Management
                (215) 643-1600 x3335/afowler@upperdublin.net
How to build an Emergency Supply Kit: Ready Emergency Supply List
2-1 Fort Washington Fire Company Station A - 1245 Fort Washington Avenue, Fort Washington
As it digests the sap, the insect excretes a substance known as honeydew that, along with sap from these weeping wounds, can attract bees and other insects. There may be a buildup of this sticky fluid on infested plants and on the ground below. The honeydew and sap also provide a medium for growth of fungi, such as sooty mold, which can cover leaf surfaces and stunt growth. Plants with heavy infestations may not survive.
Replacement of Deeds
Tree-of-Heaven (Invasive Weeds Fact Sheet)
21
Volunteer Opportunities
Montgomery County Hurricane Ida Information
(610) 278-3280
                (215) 643-1600 x3216/kstein@upperdublin.net
Township Engineer
6-1 Temple Sinai Synagogue - 1401 N. Limekiln Pike, Dresher
Do you have questions related to your insurance policy? Have you had an issue while filing a claim with your insurance company?  If so, you may contact the Pennsylvania Insurance Department's Consumer Service Bureau for assistance.  They can be contacted online or via phone at 1-877-881-6388.  The form can also be downloaded and submitted to Rep. Todd Stephens at toneill@pahousegop.com
Yard Waste may be taken to the Camphill Road Compost Site Facility at 1128 Camphill Road during regular business hours (Monday-Friday, 7:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m. Site is closed for lunch 11:30 a.m. – 12:45 p.m.)  Please call 215-643-1600 to verify site is open before arriving.  Standard yard waste only.  No trees, large limbs, or wood chips.  Proof of Residency will be required to drop off, please bring your ID.  No landscapers, contractors, or clean-up companies.  For more information, click here:  UDT Compost Site Facilities
Ferguson, Kurt
Citizen Boards & Commissions
REPRESENTATIVE DISTRICTS
Representative District 4 Madeleine Dean (D) Term Expires 1/3/2025
Spotted Lanternfly Management
Library
Website: https://www.fetterman.senate.gov/
Latest Information:
PECO: 1-800-841-4141
Learning Resources (Penn State Extension)
Reception Window
7-2 Congregation Beth Or - 239 Welsh Road, Ambler
Parks Special Projects Manager
Greater Fort Washington District Zoning Ordinances
Finance
To receive emergency and community notifications from Montgomery County, sign up for ReadyMontco.
Assistant Director
6-2
Permit applications* can be dropped off in the “Drop Box” located in the lobby or submitted via email to mskarkey@upperdublin.net.
Act 537 Report (October 2021)
Water Quality – Saturday, 9/4/2021
View the Township Code
Access Forms
Donate Online with UDCEF PayPal Giving Fund
Video: How to Remove Spotted Lanternfly Eggs
USA Service
United States Congress
Days
1-1
County Voter Registration
3-2 Crossroads Fellowship (Reformed Church in America) - 1500 North Hills Avenue, Willow Grove
