California Collection Notice
Games
Community
Weather
Mayberry Township a small, hidden Montour County gem | News | dailyitem.com
Featured Local Savings
Newsletter
The Danville News
Shop
Comics
Circulation Department - Customer ServiceTo contact the Customer Service department with questions or concerns with your home delivery or digital only account, email us at customerservice@dailyitem.com or call the Circulation Department at 800-326-9608 or 570-286-5755.Click on a link below for more information:Circulation Direct Number is: 570-286-5755Click Here for Print and Digital SubscriptionsClick Here to Activate Digital Access Advertise Your Business: 570-988-5470advertising@dailyitem.com Classified Ads Direct Number: 570-988-5363Gina Golder  570-863-3208 - egolder@dailyitem.com  Publisher - Fred Scheller570-988-5466fscheller@dailyitem.com Editorial DepartmentEditor - Bill Bowman570-988-5474bbowman@dailyitem.com News Editor/Weekend Editor - Eric Pehowic570-988-5485epehowic@dailyitem.com Deputy News Editor/Features - Kyra Smith-Cullen570-988-5495ksmithcullen@dailyitem.com Digital Editor - David Hilliard570-988-5484dhilliard@dailyitem.com   Features Editor - Jean Knouse570-988-5473jknouse@dailyitem.com ReportersRick Dandes570-863-3204rdandes@dailyitem.com Marcia Moore570-988-5349mmoore@dailyitem.com Francis Scarcella570-988-5354fscarcella@dailyitem.com Justin Strawser570-863-3216jstrawser@dailyitem.com Sports ReportersScott Dudinskie570-988-5477sdudinskie@dailyitem.com Todd Hummel570-988-5451thummel@dailyitem.com Alex McGinley570-988-5489amcginley@dailyitem.com News Events and Tips news@dailyitem.com Calendar Eventscalendar@dailyitem.com Advertising DepartmentClassified Advertisingclassads@dailyitem.comGina Golder570-863-3208egolder@dailyitem.com Display Advertisingadvertising@dailyitem.com  Advertising Department Advertising DirectorLori Seebold570-988-5347lseebold@dailyitem.com Internet Products Administration / Digital AdvertisingBruce Burkhart570-988-5351bburkhart@dailyitem.com Website Contactcustomerservice@dailyitem.com
A mix of clouds and sun early, then becoming cloudy later in the day. High 78F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph..
Health
                                                            Search
 | Privacy Policy
Coupon Deals
Snyder County
Calendars
Email: customerservice@dailyitem.com
                                                        
Columns
News
                            Sign up now to get our FREE breaking news coverage delivered right to your inbox.
Newspaper Ads
 Full Forecast
    200 Market Street
Homes
                                    Sunbury, PA
Today
Advertise with Us
Jobs
Features
    Sunbury, PA 17801
You have permission to edit this article.
                                        
Public Notices
What's Going On Here
Inside Pennsylvania Weddings
Editors_notes
                
                Daily Item Reprints
                    
dailyitem.com
Twitter
Union County

Taste
Archives
                Contact Information
Start a Subscription
                This Week's Circulars
Trending Video
COUPON DEALS
Mayberry Township a small, hidden Montour County gem
Jan 27, 2021
County
                Shop Local
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
Business
    
 Edit
California Privacy Policy
About Us
Inside PA Magazine
Montour residents may have noticed that maps show a small pendant of land hanging off the southeast corner of the county. Closer examination reveals that this land actually lies across the Susquehanna River, disconnected by water from the rest of Montour County.Mayberry Township, the county’s smallest at 7.1 square miles, lies tucked in between Columbia and Northumberland counties on the south side of the river. It is at least a five-mile drive from the rest of Montour County. That’s not a problem, says township Secretary Pat Fahringer, though she admits that “a lot of people don’t know about us.”Mayberry Township is very rural, with just 261 residents in the last census, and is also very scenic. “It’s absolutely beautiful out here,” said Fahringer. The township extends south from the Susquehanna River, with Little Roaring Creek on its west boundary and Big Roaring Creek on the east. Route 54 toward Elysburg runs along its southern border.In the 1915 annals of Columbia and Montour counties written by J.H. Beers, he reports, dismissively, that there are “no villages or towns within its limits” and that “the roads are very poor and hilly and the inhabitants live in semi-isolated points, which cannot be dignified even with the name of settlements.” Even today there are no villages in Mayberry Township, according to Supervisor Rodney Bird, but residents like it that way.Houses may sit far apart, but, according to Supervisor Bob Dressler, “Everybody knows everybody. I’d guess that 75 percent of Mayberry residents have been here for a long time, many for their entire life.”That’s true of the township’s present officers. David E. Bird, now 92, has been a supervisor for 56 years and still lives on the homestead where he was born. His son, Rodney, also a supervisor, lives close by. Dressler and his sister, Fahringer, both grew up on the farm in Mayberry Township where Dressler still lives.David Bird is up for re-election next year. “It’s something I like to do,” he said.“We have no municipal building,” said Rodney Bird. “We just meet around Pat’s kitchen table.”Result of a fightMayberry Township came into being in 1850, the result of a fight between Bloomsburg and Danville over which would be the county seat of Columbia County, which then included all of present Montour County.
                Now Hiring
 Home
Applause
                Tuesday, May 16, 2023
Subscriber Services
Video Gallery
DailyItem.com
Sign-up
Classifieds
 
Daily Item Obituaries
Obituaries
Login
                Sections
Rodney Bird
Submit a News Tip
Photos
 Updated: May 16, 2023 @ 2:05 am
Mayberry Township
App
E-Paper
                        
Editorials
51°
Skip to main content
Home
            Jan 27, 2021
Remembrances
Puzzles, Comics & Games
Opinion
 Updated: May 16, 2023 @ 1:55 am
NEWSPAPER ADS
Contact Us | Site | dailyitem.com
App Downloads
See All Events
SUBSCRIBELOGIN
Photo Reprints
© Copyright 2023
Autos
200 Market Street, Sunbury, PA
Politics
Phone: 570-286-5671
Evening clouds will give way to clearing. Low 46F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.
Hydrography
Susquehanna River
Manage My Subscription
Building Industry
Purchase Photos
Place an Obituary
Local News
Pat Fahringer
Subscribe
Inside Pennsylvania Magazine
Facebook
Applause Calendar
            
Print Edition
                                (17801)
SUBSCRIBE
Add Your Event
                                    Mayberry Township a small, hidden Montour County gem
 | Terms of Use
Township
Do Not Sell My Info
Tags
Letters to the Editor
Celebrations
Highway
Northumberland County
Voice of the Valley
                                    Contact Us
Reader Rewards
Notices
Search
Alexa Flash Briefing
                                            Share this
Trending Recipes
A mix of clouds and sun in the morning followed by cloudy skies during the afternoon. High 79F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
                            Get Breaking News
Weekly Ads
Puzzles
        
Local Events
Sports
Submission Forms
Community Coupons
Inside Pennsylvania
Contact Us
Montour County
                Services
Danville News Obituaries
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Danville had been its seat from 1813 until 1846, but then Bloomsburg “usurped Columbia County,” according to the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. As a result, “Danville wanted a new county so it could once more be a county seat.” Newspaper activist Valentine Best is credited with going to Harrisburg to push the division through.The state drew a straight north-south boundary between the two counties. It crossed the river and lopped off the westernmost corner of Franklin Township in Columbia County. According to Beers, the land that became Mayberry Township “was swapped back and forth between the two counties during the division until it finally landed in the hands of Montour County.”They decided to name the township after Mayberry Gearhart, a longtime resident and popular schoolmaster at one of the two one-room schoolhouses. He was also a singing teacher and a local historian.Unique topographyMayberry Township boasts dramatic scenery and unique topography. Sharp Ridge Road follows the line that divides Roaring Creek to the east from the oxbow watershed to the west that was its former path to the Susquehanna River. For years, that wetland was known for its beaver dams, which kept the area flooded. About 25 years ago, the Game Commission trapped them out and the ponds disappeared, but the area is still wetland and a haven for unusual nesting birds and plant life.Roaring Creek Bluffs is another scenic highlight. Just upstream from the bridge on Susquehanna Road, the creek makes an S-turn and falls from one rocky ledge to another in a series of waterfalls. Above that point, the creek flows beside high cliffs. It also attracts anglers, many of whom have built summer cottages along that stretch.Views from the higher elevations in the township are spectacular. When asked what is the prettiest place in the township, Fahringer answered, without hesitation, “where I live.” From her house on High Road, she sees “the most gorgeous sunrises and sunsets. I can sit at my kitchen table in the morning to see the sun come up and on the back porch in the evening to see it go down.” Bob Dressler added that along Sunset Road, just off High Road, “everybody comes to take pictures of the sunsets.”David E. Bird, on the other hand, claimed that “where I live is the prettiest.” From up on Wonderview, he said, “I can see clear to the Williamsport mountain on a nice day. I like to see the rest of the world.”Rodney Bird, who lives nearby, thinks he has the best view. “We can see Route 54, down toward Elysburg, smokestacks at PPL, and both sunrises and sunsets.”Living so high is a real plus except when winter brings blowing and drifting snow. The state plows the three main roads, High Road, Sharp Ridge, and Susquehanna, and the supervisors do the rest. In past years, “we sometimes had to bring in bulldozers to do the drifts up on Wonderview,” Rodney said.
Explore Niagara
By Mary Bernath For The Danville News
Mostly cloudy early, then clearing later on. Low 47F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.
Close
First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
Special Sections
Tonight
