Kid Zone
Fire Safety/Resources
Reset
Phone:  419-882-7676
To report a street that has been missed by the snowplow operator, please call the following:
 
AM
Furniture, mattress & box springs (legs over 12” separated)
Services | Sylvania
Contact Us : Lucas County, Sylvania Ohio | Sylvania
The tracker is updated when crews go INTO an area and once they leave. See what grid you are in by zooming in and out of the map.
Decrease TextDecrease Text 
View a map of our important landmarks and offices.
Time
Household & Brush Pickup
Minutes
News
Upcoming Events
Information
If yes, Who? Have you reported this concern to anyone else?
Battalion Chief Chad Morris (B shift) – 419-882-7676 EXT:1630 or email CMorris@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
UPCOMING PUBLIC MEETINGS
Inspections
TRACKER & INTERACTIVE GRID MAP 
(419) 882-0031
Last
Have an item to get rid of that isn’t listed? Check out the following link for disposal options: 2021 Recyclers List
The Police fund is used to account for resources that are restricted for the purpose of law enforcement and public safety related expenses. Property taxes represent 97% of the estimated revenue to be collected for this fund. Other sources of revenue include intergovernmental funding that is allocated from the State of Ohio and Lucas County for operational uses. There are fees and misc revenue that are receipted into the Police Fund but they are minimal and vary from year to year. The Police Department also has access to four other funds in which they receive revenue that can be used to purchase items such as equipment and supplies. One fund is used to account for grants and donations: this revenue is used for various expenses such as reimbursement to the department for salaries of DARE Officers, it enables them to purchase educational items for DARE, Safety Township and the Safety Belt Program that are taught in our elementary and junior high schools. The other three funds consist of the Drug Law Enforcement Fund, the Law Enforcement Trust Fund and the Federal Law Enforcement Trust Fund. Revenue received in these funds are not used for operational expenses, the allowable uses are restricted by state or federal law. The revenue received in the Drug Law Enforcement Fund comes from a percentage of drug related fines collected from cases that are heard in the Sylvania Municipal Court. The revenue received in the Law Enforcement Trust and the Federal Law Enforcement Funds are based on a percentage of proceeds from seized and forfeited property that were acquired in drug related arrests that are heard in state or federal court. The township receives this money because we have officers that are assigned to a special task force outside of our jurisdiction.
Employment Opportunities
PhoneMessageCAPTCHA
The Road Department offers a semi-annual Brush Pickup for Township residents. Spring brush pickup will begin on April 17, 2023 (COMPELTE).   Fall brush pickup begins September 11.
Meetings
Scroll Up
2023 HOUSEHOLD PICK-UP NOTICE
The Board of Sylvania Township Trustees will offer a Household Pickup of selected items listed below. This service is available to Township residents only.
SNOW PLOWING
Plan Review
Sylvania Township Hall
MM slash DD slash YYYY
Sylvania, Ohio 43560
Increase TextIncrease Text 
Zoning Department
Please Note: Private Recycling Facilities are available at the following locations:
Zoning Boards

Sylvania Township Fire
Tree Removal, lot clearing, and grass clippings material are prohibited. Brush should not exceed 6 feet in length and 6 inches in diameter.
Track where crews are/have been by utilizing our grid tracker.
Services
Yes
View Important Locations
The Township uses fund accounting to maintain its financial records. Each fund serves as an accounting entity with a self balancing set of accounts that are used to segregate resources that are restricted for a specific use. We currently maintain 23 Funds. Four of our major funds include the General Fund, Road & Bridge Fund, Police Fund and Fire Fund.
Garage
JEDD Board
Zoning Map
Careers
About Us
 :
4420 King Road
The General Fund is used to account for all financial resources other than what is restricted to be accounted for in another fund. The General Fund is the only fund that can be used for any purpose provided that expenses and transfers are followed according to the laws prescribed by the State of Ohio. Unlike the other three major funds, property tax revenue represents about 27% of the estimated revenue to be received for this fund. Other sources of revenue include cable franchise fees, inheritance/estate taxes and intergovernmental funding that is allocated from the State of Ohio and Lucas County for operational uses. There are fees and misc revenue that are receipted into the General Fund but they are minimal and vary from year to year.
Fire Department
Audit
GrayscaleGrayscale 
PLEASE DO NOT PLACE LEAVES IN THE STREET OR IN PLASTIC BAGS.
Select files
The Household Pickup service is limited to the following items:
Remember bridges and ramps freeze first and may be especially difficult to navigate.
Sylvania, Ohio 43560
Important Locations
Leaf Pickup Hot Line 419-517-1620 (fall season only)
Individuals involved: Provide a detailed description of the conduct that raises your concern or about which you want to make a complaint (including specific concern, why you think it is a problem, dates, duration, locations, and any other information you consider to be relevant).Are there others with knowledge of the problem?
Leaf Pickup HotLine 419-517-1620 (fall season only)
The Fire Fund is used to account for resources that are restricted for the purpose Fire protection and emergency services. Property taxes represent 86% of the estimated revenue to be collected for this fund. Other sources of revenue include intergovernmental funding that is allocated from the State of Ohio and Lucas County for operational uses. There are fees and misc revenue that are receipted into the Fire Fund but they are minimal and vary from year to year. The only other source of funding available to the Fire Department is their grants and donations which are accounted for in a separate fund. This revenue is used for various expenses such as tools, equipment, medical supplies and enables them to purchase awareness and educational items for various fire safety programs that are taught in our elementary and junior high schools and throughout our community. The allowable uses for the grants are restricted by state and federal laws.
Employment
AM/PM
Home Rule Resolutions
These trees are very beautiful and a true nature’s jewel, until the leaves drop and fall to the ground. Unfortunately, Mother Nature decides when the leaves fall, and some years the leaves drop late in the season and all at once. The “softwood” trees drop their leaves the earliest. As the leaves fall, the Road Department devotes its entire staff to operating 5 crews during the leaf pickup season.
Bikes
To reduce the amount of snow that might block your driveway, shovel an open area along the shoulder at the entrance (see illustration below). Plow blades will then push snow into the area just before your driveway, leaving a much smaller amount in front it.
 
Board Appointment Application
Clean Wood Recycling, 419-843-9663, 6505 West Bancroft Street, between Interstate I-475 and McCord Road.
8210 Sylvania Ave
Permits
Appliances, without refrigerants
BZA – May (canceled) ZC -May 10 @ 6PM
Carpeting, cut and rolled no longer than 5 feet
Snow plowed from roadways may end up blocking residential driveways. We recognize the inconvenience, however, due to the nature of clearing snow-covered roadways; we plow snow to the curbside of the street.
Solicitation
If you would like a response, please provide a valid email address or phone number.
A&J Landscape, 419-842-8733, 8061 Sylvania Avenue, between King Road and Centennial Road.
Annual Report to Citizens
Fiscal Department
Property Maintenance Code
First
Battalion Chief Michael Szafarowicz (C shift) – 419-882-7676 EXT:1630 or email MSzafarowicz@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Board Appointments
Training
Regulations
Links UnderlineLinks Underline 
8210 Sylvania Avenue
Leaf Pickup
Battalion Chief Steve Kahan (A shift) – 419-882-7676 EXT:1630 or email SKahan@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Police Department
Each crew consists of two (2) full-time employees and one (1) or two (2) part-time/temporary employees. Early snowfalls and above-average rain are two factors that spell trouble for leaf pickup. These attributes cause the leaves to become saturated and “heavy” to pick up, thus causing inefficiencies. Our preferred and most efficient method of picking up leaves is utilizing the “vacuum tow behind” type of equipment. Recently, we hired private contractors with front loader buckets and dump trucks to assist our leaf pickup efforts. We are aware that it is frustrating waiting for your neighborhood pickup and appreciate your patience.
The Township’s leaf pickup program services 138.23 miles of residential roads, 30.81 miles of County roads, 10.29 miles of State Highways, and 3.51 miles of Interstate miles, all totaling 182.84 miles of roadways. Our community’s landscape consists of largely wooded areas. (Sylvania is Latin for “Wooded Area”)
Sylvania Fire-EMS
History
Menu
Each Pickup is a “one (1) time only” pickup. This service consists of removing piles of storm-damaged brush and leaves, such as branches and tree limbs, this service does not include tree removal. Therefore, we request all residents to place their storm-damaged brush and leaves along the edge of the roadway in separate piles before the scheduled pickup. Do not place piles in the roadway or gutter area. We service over 174 miles of roadway which requires several days to complete the pickup.
Give us your feedback by using the following form: 
See what grid you are in by zooming in and out of the map.
Fax: 419-885-1733
Zoning Resolution
Accessibility Tools
Cemetery
Fiscal
About
Construction
Bid Notices/Request for Proposals
Do not mix with brush or leaves. Removal of all other items is NOT provided with this service.
Sylvania Alert Signup
BRUSH & LEAF PICKUP
Residents
Board of Trustees – May 2 & 16 @ 5PM
Spring Brush Pickup
SYLVANIA FIRE-EMS Personnel Compliance Complaint/Concern Reporting Form
Contact Information | Sylvania
Departments
A&J Landscape, 419-842-8733, 8061 Sylvania Ave, between King Rd and Centennial Rd
Leaf Pickup Facts:
Monthly Reports
PM
Administrative Services Coordinator- Jennifer Howard-419-882-7676 EXT:1610 or email Jhoward@sylvaniatownshipfire.com
BRUSH PICKUP 
SIGN UP FOR FREE PICKUP ALERTS – NEWS HERE
Skip to content
Basic FontBasic Font 
Containers / Drums – must be empty
Miscellaneous (non-hazardous) loose material is placed in a disposal container.
Administration
Do not abandon your vehicle. The safest place to wait for help is in your car. If your car breaks down, move your vehicle as far off the roadway as possible and lift the hood. Try to leave a distress signal, such as a scarf, hanging from the window. Please remember, when you abandon your vehicle, it may be subject to towing, ticketing, and/or a fine.
Notice of Intent to Sell
If yes, please provide a phone number and/or email address so the Compliance Officer can contact you. Additional Information:CAPTCHA
Fund
Open toolbar
Brush
If yes, when? To whom? (optional) Provide specifics of the discussion with that person.Please identify any documents pertaining to the issue (provide them, or describe them and specify where they are located).Provide documents pertaining to the issue below.
Contact Information
Social Media Comment Policy
                    	Website Design Toledo by InfoStream Solutions
The Household Pickup is scheduled to start Monday, September 11, 2023. Crews will provide one (1) pass through the community. To avoid being missed, all items should be placed at the curb or edge of the road by SUNDAY, September 10, 2023.
Budget
Name of reporter (optional)
After business hours: Police Dispatcher 419-882-2055
FUND ACCOUNTING 
Control #: (Sylvania FIRE-EMS use only)Date
Township Alerts Signup
Road Department
Assistant Chief Christopher Nye- 419-882-7676 EXT:1620 or email Cnye@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Administrative Assistant – Julie Dowling – 419-882-7676 EXT: 1655 or email jdowling@sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Other Drop-Off Locations in the area:
Fund Information
Please heed the snow advisories and other warnings issued by the Township, county, or state agencies.
(419) 882-7676
The Fall Season Leaf Pickup starts Monday, October 16, and is performed on a patrol basis. During peak times one cycle through the Township requires 17(+/-) days. Depending on weather conditions, our goal is to perform at least three (3) pickup cycles.  Leaves should be placed at the curbside or along the edge of the street, free of brush and garden waste allowing our crews to work efficiently.  Crews are unable to pick up leaves mixed with brush and other items. Place your leaves away from obstacles such as mailboxes, fire hydrants, landscaping timbers, and landscaping rocks. These obstacles can cause injury to our employees, and equipment, and reduce efficiency.
4927 N. Holland-Sylvania Road
  
Administrative Assistant – Vicky Loeffler – 419-882-7676 EXT:1650 or email vloeffler@sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Stay up to date with Sylvania Township!
Township Hall
Elected Officials
Captain – Jeff Bennett- 419-882-7676 EXT:1660 or email JBennett@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
LEAF PICKUP 
Search
Submit Zoning Complaint
(419) 882-2055
Plan Review/Permit Applications
2018 Land Use Plan
Never pass a snowplow or salt truck, especially a plow train! Plow trains are groups of trucks that form a line across the lanes to clear snow. Operators may not see you or your car may get caught on a snow-covered plow edge. In addition, driving will be much easier if you stay at least 25 feet, or three car lengths, behind the snow emergency vehicle.
Books / Paper – must be bundled
Sitemap
Toys
Public Records & Retention Policies
Stations
Name Email
No
Max. file size: 15 MB. How did you discover the problem?Are you willing to meet with the Compliance Officer?
The Road and Bridge Fund is used to account for the resources that are restricted  for the purpose of construction, repair and maintenance of roads, storm sewers and ditches located within the township as well as the operational expenses of this department. Property taxes represent 96% of the estimated revenue to be received for this fund. There are fees and misc revenue that are receipted into the Road & Bridge Fund but they are minimal and vary from year to year. The Road Department has access to other revenue sources that can be used for specific purposes such as to repair, maintain and construct the roadways; this revenue is accounted for in three separate funds; The Motor Vehicle License Tax Fund, The Gasoline Tax Fund and The Permissive Motor Vehicle License Tax Fund. Operational expenses are not allowed to be expended from these funds. The motor vehicle license tax and permissive motor vehicle license tax revenue are derived from various fees imposed by the state upon owners of motor vehicles. The revenue received from these fees are collected and credited to the state’s auto registration distribution fund. The state creates an account for each county and district of registration, including townships from which various defined percentages are distributed to the local governments based on the percentage of the total number of miles of road that are located within their jurisdiction, which they maintain. The proceeds from both taxes must be used for highways, roads, streets and bridges. The proceeds from the gasoline tax are received from the County. Currently there is a twenty-eight cent per gallon tax on motor vehicle fuel. The twenty-eight cents is derived from five different levies that have been enacted over the years. Townships receive 1.9 cents or 6.8% of these proceeds. Distributions are made from the Ohio Department of Taxation to the County. The county then pays the townships according to the number of miles of roadway in each jurisdiction. These proceeds are restricted by the Ohio Constitution and state law and can only be used to construct, repair and maintain public roads as well.
Fire Marshal- Shane Hillard- 419-882-7676 Ext: 1670 or email SHillard@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Fire Inspector – Patrick Wambo – 419-882-7676 EXT: 1616 or email: pwambo@sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Chief Michael Ramm- 419-882-7676 EXT:1600 or email MRamm@Sylvaniatownshipfire.com
Contact Us
High ContrastHigh Contrast 
Sylvania Township Police
Sylvania Township Road Department’s top priorities in a snowstorm are plowing Township roadways and clearing fire department & police station parking lots, which may require several trips along the same route.
Call the Hot Line for daily and weekly route information. There are 23 geographical grids in the Township.
Remember, when shoveling snow from your driveway; create a pile away from the roadway. A good rule is to shovel to the right when facing the street. However, keep in mind that the important thing is not to shovel the snow onto an area that will simply be plowed back onto the driveway when the state, county, or Township snowplows come through.
Fund Information | Sylvania
Drop files here or 
Street Light Outage/Issue Report
During business hours: 419-882-0031, extension 1503
News Stories & Press Releases
Hours
Report Road Issue
CleanWood Recycling, 419-843-9663, 6505 West Bancroft Street, between Interstate I-475 and McCord Rd.
