ELECTION DAY
Planning Commission
Rhode Island
1070 PA-183
Schuylkill County & Funded Debt - $769.00 & $3.00
Management Representatives
Office Hours*
Option to enroll in E-Billing
Planning & SALDO
Illinois
Mississippi
Blue Mountain School District
Service Address
	North Manheim Township
Cash** 
News & Announcements
Email Address *
Question/Comments *
(570) 385-2778 Ext 201
			Hank Koch
Commonwealth of PA Agencies
Armed Forces Americas
Document
	Please have your most recent bill with you when setting up the online access.
United States
New Hampshire
State/Province *
Township Solicitor
(570) 593-2000
Quick Pay  will allow you to quickly pay your account without creating a customer portal.  You can pay by E-Check or Credit Card for a small processing fee
Receive Updates
Open Burning
Delaware
Billing Information & Payment Options
North Manheim Township Municipal Office
Assessed at $100,000
*Check/Money Orders can be dropped off utilizing our DropBox during and after  normal business hours.
Account Number
District of Columbia
American Samoa
Roadmaster
Outside Agency Information
Peter Tobash
Both Earned Income Tax & the Local Services Tax are collected through your employer and are based on your earnings with Berkheimer Tax Administrator processing them.
Newfoundland and Labrador
Armed Forces Pacific
Authority Solicitor
Connecticut
Northwest Territories
Management Representatives & Open Records Officers
North Manheim Township Tax Collector
            2023 Road Program The 2023 Road Program is currently under review. Information regarding the start date and the specific...
Option to pay by E-Check or Credit Card, both with a small processing fee.
** Cash payments can only be taken in person during normal business hours.  Please do NOT utilize the Dropbox for Cash payments.
PA State Police
Pay Your Bill Sewer or HOA Bill
Arkansas
Idaho
Blue Mountain School District - $4,282.50
            Our new website provides you with the opportunity and convenience of receiving, viewing, and paying your bill online. No more waiting for the mail. Make your life easier by receiving your bill each month online. Our eBill is a secure way to receive and view your bill online. By enrolling in eBilling, you’ll convenien...
Wednesday & Friday - By Appointment
Meetings & Hearing Notices Information
British Columbia
              
Recycling in North Manheim Township
New Mexico
Local weather conditions from our friends at AccuWeather
Florida
Authority User Rates
Alabama
Earned Income (EIT)
Nunavut
Tax Information
Colorado
We do offer a dropbox for items that can be left for processing provided they fit in to the lower portion of the box, which is located on the front right side of the building between the two windows.   This does include outstanding payments to finalize permits, plans and Authority sewer bills and Sunnyside HOA bills.*The office is generally open Monday thru Friday from 9:00 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. but due to the possibilities of meetings, seminars, errands, etc it is best to call prior to arriving to confirm the hours for that day. 
North Manheim Township Tax Rate  - $650.00
Arizona
          
PAY PERMIT/APPLICATION FEES ONLINE
    and Featured section
* indicates a required field.
North Manheim Township tax dollars are used for varies purposes such as Road Maintenance, Snow Removal, Code Enforcement, Planning and Zoning Rules & Regulations, Fire Protection, etc.  
Board of Supervisors
Pay Your Authority or SS HOA Bill Online - Convenient & Secure
217 N 6th St
			Leesport, Pennsylvania 19533
Antique Lane/Bridge Closure
Utah
Texas
Yukon
###-###-####
View all Featured
Check/Money Order* 
- Select -
Michigan
New Brunswick
Tax Collector
303 Manheim Road
Attachments
About Us
Prince Edward Island
Office of Open Records
Tennessee
NMTA Rules & Regulations
Palau
Pottsville PA 17901
(570) 366-2240
View all News
UCC Appeals Board
Massachusetts
SIGN UP NOW for the customer portal which allows for the following options for our customers:
540 Route 61 South
Main Office
We understand that not all our customers want or have a need to create a customer portal and we have alternative options for you:
Marcie Schultz
Home
Pay your sewer or HOA bill
Pottsville, PA 17901
Read More
Missouri
The Local Services Tax
Federated States of Micronesia
Option to pay by ACH 
Blue Mountain School District - $2141.25
Blue Mountain School District also assesses an Occupational Privilege Tax that is issued with the second round of taxes.  You must contact that School District or Tax Collector if you have any questions regarding this tax or to see if you qualify for an exemption from this tax.
Directory | North Manheim Township
Engineering
Learn more
Phone Number *
Earned Income Tax & Local Services Tax 
FAQs
Assessed value x Millage Rate  / 1,000 = tax amount
Pay Permit-Application Fees
(610) 916-8500
South Carolina
Zoning Hearing Board
Stormwater Management
FAQ
AccuWeather
Schuylkill Haven, PA 17972
North Manheim Township Authority
Local Services tax is currently $52.00 per year, with $47 to North Manheim Township and $5 to Blue Mountain School District for gross earnings over $12,000.   You can find an LST Exemption form here from Berkheimer if you meet the requirements.
North Manheim Township Tax Mill is currently 6.500
Frequently Asked Questions 
Payments received by 2:30 p.m. will be processed the same day. Payments received after 2:30 p.m. will be credited for the same day they are received; however, they will be processed on the next business day.
Mail Sewer payments to:NMTA, 303 Manheim Road, Pottsville, PA 17901
Contact Us
NMTA Board & Meeting Agendas
California
Authority Engineer
Zoning and Planning information
Indiana
Maine
Nevada
Management Representatives | North Manheim Township
Directory
                                303 Manheim RoadPottsville, PA 17901
West Virginia
Hawaii
North Manheim Township | Pottsville, PA
Township Board Members
 
                              
        Township
North Carolina
Vermont
North Manheim
Ontario
Employment Opportunities
Scot McCaffrey, Sewage Enforcement Officer
Manitoba
Nebraska
Tami M. Stump
UCC & Zoning Permits
Option to receive billing statements by email 
Alberta
Marshall Islands
Pennsylvania
Administrative Assistant
(570) 385-5328
North Manheim Township
(214.28 KB)
Township & Community Related Links
                Monday, November 2, 2020 at 9:46 AM
South Dakota
   
Minnesota
Option to enroll in Auto Pay
Maryland
Property Actual Value at $100,000
Payments without utilizing the Customer Portal
Saskatchewan
  Skip to main content
About North Manheim Township
History
Nova Scotia
Menu
Quebec
Pennsylvania State Government
Real Estate Tax Bills are issued by the County and distributed by the Township Tax Collector twice a year.  The first mailing will occur on or around March 1st of the current year for the Township and County portions. (This will be broken down to each individual amount)  The second mailing will occur on or around July 1st of the current year for the School District portion of your taxes.   Please check your tax bill for due dates, discount and penalty periods.   In addition, please make note that tax payments are to be sent to the address of the Tax Collector that is listed on the bill.   This is NOT the Township Municipal Office address and payments should not be left in the dropbox. 
Kansas
Alaska
To calculate your tax bill, use the following formula with the tax rates found above:
Name *
Tax Information | North Manheim Township
Township Resident Information
Sewage Enforcement Officer | North Manheim Township
Resources & Information
Fire Marshall
There are three authorities who can levy taxes for North Manheim Township Residents:  the Municipality, the County, and the School District.   Each authority can levy different types of taxes for various purposes.
Pay Your Bill 
Billing Information & Payment Options | North Manheim Township
Jim Reed
Board Meetings & Agendas
Contact Us | North Manheim Township
Puerto Rico
            Antique Lane will remained closed as the Board of Supervisors continue to review the structural evaluation report and necessary actions that must be taken before the bridge spanning the Mahannon Creek can be reopened. Residential access can be obtained by using S. Liberty Street. Please be aware that while the Bo...
			1032 James Drive
(570) 385-2002
Systems Design Engineering
CUSTOMER PORTAL
The Real Estate Tax
Guam
NMTA Customers
Reading, PA 19601
Secretary/Treasurer
PA One Call
ZIP/Postal Code *
Coordinator of Emergency Management
            Terms of Use |
            Sewer Line & Manhole Inspections - Long Run Interceptor Many 15th- 8th, 2023 Please be advised that the Authority will...
(570) 385-2778
New Jersey
Blue Mountain School District Tax Millage can be found here. Currently for 2022 - 42.8250
Featured
Address 2
            Log in
Boards & Commissions
Local Services Tax (LST)
Oregon
About NMTA
      
Zoning and Planning
2023 North Manheim Township Road Program
Schuylkill County
(570) 385-2778 Ext 200
New York
Did you know?
Payment Processing
News
Georgia
Ross C. Miller
		
            Website by Muni-Link WebPresence |
City/Town *
Calendar of Events

Return to top
Property Actual Value at $200,000
Dog Park / Recreation
Walk-in Payments can be taken at the North Manheim Township Municipal Building at: 303 Manheim Road, Pottsville, PA 17901
Earned income tax is 1% of  your earned income for North Manheim Township Residents split with the Blue Mountain School District at .5% each.  
Real Estate Taxes
Montana
Wisconsin
Mark Koch
Louisiana
Locations
Search small
	For Example:                                                     
                        
Oklahoma
Questions can be directed to the North Manheim Township Tax Collector :  Peter Tobash
                Thursday, March 16, 2023 at 9:36 AM
Koch & Koch
Virgin Islands
ach_authorization_form_for_customers.pdf
Kentucky
County Tax Millage can be found here. Currently for 2023 -15.380 and Funded Debt Millage is 0.0600
Northern Mariana Islands
North Dakota
Schuylkill County & Funded Debt - $1538.00 & $6.00
Virginia
North Manheim Township Tax Rate - $325.00
Sewage Enforcement Officer
Documents and Forms commonly submitted to the Township
Iowa
Questions can be directed to: (570) 385-5328
Auto Draft/ACH Recurring Payment - You may now sign up with the Authority office staff for Auto Draft using ACH.  Recurring Payments will be automatically drafted from your CHECKING account on the current billings due date.  Please complete the ACH Authorization Form listed below and return it to the Office by mail or in person.  Please be sure to included a voided check.
            North Manheim Township has 3 voting locations. Please call the Schuylkill County Election Bureau at (570) 628-1467 for which specific location they have assigned you too and any questions you may have. North Manheim Township - 1st Precinct, Schuylkill County Agricultural Center, 1202 Agricultural Center Drive, Po...
North Manheim Township is located in the south central portion of Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, and borders fourteen municipalities
North Manheim Township Authority Board
Township Engineer
Tax Dollars
Assessed Value $50,000
Applications, Ordinances & Regulations
  
Ohio
Schuylkill County Government & Agencies
            Privacy Policy |
Wyoming
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday - 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Address *
Main Office(570) 385-2778303 Manheim Road
Washington
The Earned Income Tax
Sewer Line & Manhole Inspections - Long Run Interceptor
Armed Forces (Canada, Europe, Africa, or Middle East)
Please do not send any messages or notifications containing deadlines through this form.  Instead, please contact the Township office directly by mail or by calling for office for further assistance as incoming e-mails are not screened for response deadlines.  This includes an permitting inspections to be scheduled.  Thank you.
All real property (land and improvements) in North Manheim Township is taxed by the Township, County and School District, except government and exempt facilities.    Real Estate Township Taxes are calculated by multiplying the millage (or tax) rate set by North Manheim Township Board of Supervisors, with the assessed value of the real property, as determined by the Count Assessment Office.  The millage rate is the amount the property is taxed per $1,000 of assessed value. You can locate the millage rates below.
