Shade township was incorporated in 1816. The township was
Reitz #2, a small mining town east of Cairnbrook, just off
        Census Schedule, 1870 (2)
Wilbur 
These cemeteries were transcribed by Leroy Baldwin, Daryl A.
Wars, and one financial institution--Central City Bank, a branch
present time was Stonycreek Township. Shade Township, including
Return to the top of this page 
objective was to build a railroad into the large coal field known
Go Up 
preliminary survey made in 1894, would have extended the road
        Plot 
what is now all of Paint Township and Ogle Township, was
building, which he leased to John Stotler. Stotler named the
an act on April 17, 1795, whereby all that part of Bedford County
        Ground
Because of the rapid increase of settlements on the western
        Cemetery - Bedford County 
Susan H.Jackman
Croyle Cemetery 
 U.S. Census Schedules 
 
settlers, Casper Stotler and George Lambert. It was founded in
company. All streets are hard-surfaced and lighted. 
and Jan Garber for transcribing and proofreading these census
Huston Cemetery 
village in honor of his friend, Henry Buck. Daniel Wagner, a
Daley Cemetery 
Surname Links
Stotler,
and parsonage were erected here in 1917-18 at the corner of
I would like to see this site grow with information----FROM YOU!  
General Information
Rockingham Iron Furnace, erected in 1841. The village was rebuilt
1964). The Shade-Central City Union, Junior-Senior High, and
files! 
postmaster. Free mail service was established in the borough in
State Route 160. The village is located on the site of the old
namely, Stonycreek, Quemahoning, Turkeyfoot, Milford, Elk Lick,
Towns and Villages
well-maintained park. The Municipal Building, owned by the
Reed, Hope Weigle, Sandra Carey in July of 1999. Many have been
        Cemetery
for which William received a charter from King Charles II, dated
        Assessment 
Maps
Manges Cemetery
eastward to the Atlantic seaboard. However, the project failed to
        Census Schedule, 1870 (1)
Township
"Pennsylvania Road." The part of this village that is south of the Pennsylvania Road is in Stonycreek Township.
William divided his province into three counties, which he
Williamson, Levi B. Manges, C. A. Wagner, Ellsworth Ling, John
between the two regions, also claiming that they were almost
Tax Lists
southeast along Dark Shade Creek and Shingle Run valleys, across
Rhoads,
veterans' organizations-American Legion and Veterans of Foreign
live in the village in 1820. Mr. Lambert also erected a store
Fry,
Reitz #3 and #4 are small mining towns southeast of Central
Almost twenty-five years later, the inhabitants of the western
Israel Burket bought a tract of land here in 1788 from James Wells. Israel's farm was situated right in what would later be called Buckstown on both sides of the Lincoln Highway. He built a 20'x 30' two story cabin on which he was taxed in 1798. If you look at the  1792 Reading Howell map  of the area, Buckstown was at that time called "Burket's" and Stoystown was simply called "Stoy's." 
petition that the great mountain wall or escarpment formed an
and Brothersvalley. 
affection for this township and was very involved in internet
Township; and to the east by Bedford County. The main Borough of
out in 1912 by the Lolayhanna Coal and Coke Company on the Jacob
        Census Schedule, 1850 (1)
1792 Reading Howell Map of Somerset 
of information and am familiar with most of the early pioneers of Shade. I do not live 
Daley Burial Plot
was Charles Severn and the present one is Jennings Reitz (as of
US Census Schedule, 1860 
The following information is taken from the book "Shade Township, 1762-1962" by Leroy N. Baldwin. The Shade-Central City Historical Society has Mr. Baldwin’s books on sale at their museum in Central City.  You can call Sandy Wojcik, president of the society at 814-754-5675 or Maryann Naret, keeper of the museum at 814-754-4997 to purchase a copy. 
the township. It was established by the Gahagen Coal Company in
        Census Schedule, 1840 
Lochrie in 1916 on the George Manges Farm. Reitz # 4 was laid
The township in which we are principally interested at the
astride the border of Shade and Quemahoning Townships was first
in 1916 by William Gahagen. The Rockingham post office was
John Lambert built a house here in 1805. After the
Contents
petitioned the General Assembly of Pennsylvania to form a new
lighting, under the management of the Cairnbrook Improvement
The inhabitants of Central City borough and the surrounding
such as a tennis court, baseball held, swimming pool, and a
        Census Schedule, 1880 (1)
Church and cemetery are located here. 
1895
1955. Free public recreation facilities are owned by the borough,
laid out under the management of the Reitz Coal Company in
Map made by Linda Marker.
central location along the projected Midland Railroad. The
 A general General
settlers, owned and operated a store in Buckstown for more than
borough, contains a mayor's office, an office for the chief of
workers at the present time. 
        Michael
Shade Lutheran Church
        (L-Z) 
Some of these newcomers were William Small, who became the
in Shade Township. 
        Memorial (Also known as Slavish Lutheran or Graeff's
fifty years. Mr. Wagner also served as postmaster of the
Cook and Neasley Realty Company on lands then owned by John
In the central part of Shade Township is a mining town laid
Home
eastablished in 1922. 
own water company, sewers and disposal plant, and street
Richardson
is maintained by Susan H. Jackman
erected in 1962, and Joseph Kudasik, Jr., is the present
Gohn-Wilt Cemetery
source material for this website. He also hand transcribed many
Somerset County at the time of its organization included all
area are served by nine churches, sixteen stores, one hotel, five
to the west by Quemahoning Township; to the south by Stoneycreek
News and Notes
formed from the western part of Chester County for the
lying west of the Allegheny Mountains became a new county called
Wechtenhiser and Obadiah Lohr. The town was incorporated into the
frontier it soon became apparent that a new county should be
volunteers.
and was incorporated on 6 May 1918. Hooversville, which sits
inhabitants of this western section, the General Assembly passed
Lohr as the first postmaster. A new post-office building was
Township. The village is located along the Lincoln Highway, formerly known as
Buckstown Cemetery
As a result of these petitions and the insistence of the
        Census Schedule, 1880 (2)
Chester, Philadelphia, and Bucks. 
another new county, Cumberland County, was formed from the
        Assessment
 A view of the Buckstown valley from just above Stoyestown on the state road. Allegheny Mountain is in the distance
Reitz #3 and #4 
Townships 
        Census Schedule, 1900 (1)
2,700. 
payment of a debt the king owed their father, Admiral John Penn,
updated as recently as November 2000! Thanks for all the hard
was closed in 1909. St. Paul's Lutheran Church was erected in
Miller Burial Plot
1894 by Anthony Wechtenhiser and received its name from its
Therefore the new county of Lancaster was set up in 1729. 
Wilbur is a small mining town in the western part of the
This township is part of the USGenWeb
situated on lands originally owned by the township's first
Last Revised: 18 January 2010
History of the Township 
Martin Luther
Central City Borough 
The following tax assessment lists are available online: 
Wagner,
Biographies
Reitz Coal Company. 
1918-19 on the Moses Walker Farm. It is the second largest town
genealogy. He will be greatly missed.
Cairnbrook 
Buckstown in 1889 and the Lutheran congregation was organized on
for these pages.  I have been researching in Somerset County--Particularly in 
Shade Township is located in the north-eastern portion of the
        (M-Z) 
township, one-half mile off Route 53. The town was founded by the
of Cambria County as far north as the "Old Purchase
develop. In 1913 an extension to the town was laid out by the
1830
Cemeteries
along State Route 160. It is the largest unincorporated town in
Wolford Burial
Crum/Oldham
Tax Assessments 
April 6, 1890. The charter members of the church were: C. W.
Thank you to Richard Earl Mangus, Louise Pletcher, T.D. Wilcox
P.O.S. of A Cemetery
N.Leroy Baldwin 
settled in 1836 and was incorporated in 1896. 
erected in 1771, from a part of Cumberland County. 
brothers, William and John, from King Charles II of England, in
A hand drawn map of Shade
        Gotleib 
Berkebile/Thomas
March 4, 1681. 
the mountain by way of Frazier's Gap, into Bedford County and
fire protection for both the borough and the surrounding area.
These people living west of the mountains stated in their
the Pittsburgh-Philadelphia Turnpike and in colonial times as the
Lambert,
Neitz,
Slick Cemetery 
 Ed McClelland has created a USGS Survey Map of the township as well.
History
tavern in the village. Later, when travel became very heavy over
        Emanuel 
The Central City post office was established in 1919, with Joseph
post office was established here in 1914. The first postmaster
Census
1818 Assessment 
1814 Assessment 
        (A-K) 
of the United States National Bank of Johnstown. 
        Lutheran)
Mr. Leroy Baldwin, township helper for these pages, passed
Otterbien Cemetery
        Census Schedule, 1870 (3) 
1816 Assessment 
Shade Township, Somerset County, PA
garages and service stations, three barber shops, a printing
Prior to 1816, see Stony Creek Township
Sacred Heart
local to the area so am in need of volunteers for local data and photos.
Buckstown post office for more than twenty-five years until it
        Caspar 
Biographies 
Peterman Burial
St. Mary's Russian
Towns and Villages 
US Census Schedule, 1830 
the church's first pastor and received an annual salary of $550. 
 Maps 
Central City, the only incorporated town in Shade Township, is
US
house, a photo studio, two funeral homes, a greenhouse, two
Stump,
        George 
the road, he decided to build houses and shops for a number of
Buckstown 
        Cemetery 
almost inaccessible barrier to communication and trasportation
        EvL Church Cemetery 
        John and George 
Statler Cemetery
a clothing factory here in 1955, which employs approximately 185
of the cemeteries in the township for our use. He had a great
opening of the turnpike in 1817, Mr. Lambert built and operated a
Kaltenbaugh (Ridge)
grandson of Michael Wagner, one of Shade Township's pioneer
Stoy,
        Census Schedule, 1900 (4)
Project, a non-profit genealogical resource web system, and
        Census Schedule, 1850 (2) 
with help and information provided by other
borough of Central City in 1918. The present population is about
Miller,
The Central City Volunteer Fire Company provides efficient
Gahagen 
        Samuel 
convenience of the inhabitants of the newly settled region.

county. It is bounded to the north by Ogle and Paint Townships;
town's first blacksmith, and Henry Buck, a wagonmaker who came to
1910 
Moses,
        Christian 
St. Peter and Paul
The westward movement of settlements still continued and soon
the mechanics who came here to live and work. 
        Census Schedule, 1900 (2)
1919. The post office was established in 1922 and closed in 1956.
1859
Cemetery Transcriptions 
away on June 3, 2001. Leroy donated his father's book to be the
Shade Township, with a present population of 750. The Cairnbrook
elementary schools are located here. The Graef Lutheran Church
 Welcome to Shade Township! I am the coordinator 
        John 
        Jacob 
1920 
And with the continued advance westward, Bedford County was
Stump Cemetery 
Somerset. 
Buckstown is a small village in the southern part of Shade
McGregor Cemetery
to exist in this region. The projected railroad, under a
Sorber Cemetery 
City, along Dark Shade Creek. Reitz #3 was laid out by John
work on getting these cemeteries online!! 
The Founding of Shade Township 
section of Bedford County, lying west of the Allegheny Mountains,
        Daniel 
Hamar,
Wilbur Coal Mining Company in 1912 on lands formerly owned by
often spoke of as the three counties on the Delaware, namely,
        Census Schedule, 1900 (3)
Line," north of Ebensburg, and consisted of six townships,
county. 
Rockingham 
county (Bedford). 
Company, Inc. Each property owner is a stockholder in the
Stotler Farm
        Census Schedule, 1880 (3)
US Census Schedule, 1820 
Shade Township is Central City which was first settled in 1848
Cairnbrook, although not incorporated, owns and operates its
        Census Schedule, 1890 Veterans 
organized from the northern part of Stonycreek Township in 1814. 
Giger, and Charles W. Lambert. Reverend A. R. Shertz served as
McGregor Avenue and Third Street. Dorfman and Hoffman established
Ling Cemetery 
police, a council chamber, a large community hall, and a prison
first settled in 1772 and was formed from Stoneycreek Township,
which was one of the six original townships in Somerset County.
western part of Lancaster County, in 1750. 
© 2003. Susan H. Jackman for Shade Township, Somerset County, PAGW 
Gahagen is a small mining village in the southeastern part of
Rockingham is a small mining village along Dark Shade Creek on
Reitz #2 
Route 160, was laid out on the Thomas Mock Farm in 1916 by the
        Orthodox Church Cemetery 
Burket, Israel 
Please Contact Me
room. It also houses the equipment of the fire company. 
Daniel Peterman and J. E. Johnson. The Otterbein United Brethren
Shade Township and surrounding area--for over 10 years.  I have collected a wealth 
remote from the county courts and the public offices of the
McGregor Farm. It is located on the west bank of Dark Shade Creek
The province of Pennsylvania was acquired by the Penn
