Home
Commission
Contact & Location
How Do I…?
Zoning Department: 
Government
Zoning Department 
Calendar
								Message							
Town Hall
Auburn Township11010 East Washington StreetAuburn Township, Ohio 44023admin@auburntownship.comPhone: 440-543-7028Fax: 440-543-9520 
Applications & Forms
Fire Department
Photo Album 
Road/Service Department
Resolution & Maps
Township History
Elected Officials
Cemetaries
Contact Auburn Township  
Facilities
Auburn Museum
Permits + Policies 
5 Year Road Plan 
 Menu
Jane Hardy, Assistant Zoning InspectorMs. Hardy has twenty-six years of zoning and governmental administration experience. She has worked for Auburn Township for twenty four years in various capacities and worked for two years at another government entity. In addition, she has been the Zoning Board of Appeals secretary since 1995. 
								Name							
Calendar 
		Skip to content
AUBURN TOWNSHIP11010 East Washington StreetAuburn Township, Ohio 44023admin@auburntownship.com440-543-7028 
Minutes
 
Book a Facility  
Frank Kitko,Zoning InspectorMr. Kitko has been the Auburn Township Zoning Inspector for over 44 years. He is a retired Kenston High School teacher and Kenston Bomber football coach. Frank and his wife Lynn and four children have lived in Auburn Township for the past 48 years . They love being grandma and grandpa to their six grandchildren and great grandparents to three. 
Meeting Minutes 
Departments
Zoning DepartmentBeing a semi-rural community, Auburn Township’s zoning was established to provide a firm guide for future controlled growth of our community in a balanced and orderly manner.Auburn Township’s zoning districts were established to help guide our new growth into areas where the growth can be most reasonably supported. The majority of Auburn is zoned residential single family dwellings (about 75%).Auburn has implemented protection for its environmentally sensitive areas and has also zoned for its passive open spaces.  About 20% of Auburn is included in these areas. The remaining areas in the township are zoned for Industrial and Commercial/Business uses.Recent Messages from the Zoning Inspector:All swimming pools must have a zoning permit issued by the Township Zoning Inspector. In-ground pools, must be enclosed by a permanently constructed chain link fence or wall not less than four (4) nor more than six (6) feet in height. These fences or walls must be maintained in a safe and secure condition. All gates shall be self-closing and self-latching with a latch not readily accessible for children to open.Above ground pools over four feet need only be secured at the entrance to the pool, as described above. If there is a deck around the pool, it must be at least four feet off the ground with the opening secured.If your pool falls into any of the above classifications, please arrange to secure it immediately.Agriculture – The Geauga WayGeauga County Planning Commission 
Zoning Department – Auburn Township
Resources
Meeting Minutes
Our Community 
Send Message
Fiscal Department
Board of Appeals
Administration Building
Zoning Department
								Phone							
News & Announcements
Photo Album
Contact & Location – Auburn Township
Adam Hall Community Center

Maps
Our Community
Auburn Township | Copyright ©2020 | All rights reserved 
Auburn Community Park
								Email							
Zoning DepartmentM-F: 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.(440) 543-1660          440-543-9520 fax2023 Zoning Permit Fee ScheduleZoning ResolutionApplications & FormsZoning Messages:All buildings and structures, new businesses, building additions, improvements and change of uses require a Zoning Permit.  If you have a question as to whether your project requires a Zoning Permit, please contact the Zoning Office at 440-543-1660.Business Use Permits issued here!If you are opening a business in Auburn Township, please stop in and register.Adding a second drive on your lot?Contact the Zoning Department for your permit. 
