Submit Request
State and Federal Legislators
Day: 1st Monday of the month
Supervisors:
 - Jury Information
James Homan
 
                                        Home
Solicitor: Michael Giangrieco
Election Results
Adult Probation
                                    
Court of Common Pleas
Disaster/Emergency Contact: Martin Murphy
Available Community Resources
Trees Down, Roads, Cinders etc.: Martin Murphy
Block 1
Zoning: No
Election Information
County Court Calendar
                                County Offices
Historical Records
Register
Available Resources
ALERT!!  Development site for Susquehanna County
Children and Youth Services
Employment Opportunities
Sewage Enforcement: John Watts
(570) 278-4600
Meetings
Magisterial Court 34-3-02 Has MovedAs of March 17, 2022, the office has moved to 210 Public Way Suite 1, New Milford, PA 18834. Public Way is accessed from State Route 848 (Harford Road) near I-81 Exit 219 and the State Police Barracks. Additional information can be found on this page.
                                        Meeting Schedules
 Copyright  2023 
Economic Development
31 Lake Avenue

                                Community Information
Public Defender
Martin Murphy
Treasurer's Office
Grant Information 
Elizabeth M. Arnold, ChairmanAlan M. Hall, Vice-ChairJudith Herschel, CommissionerRebekah Hubbard, Chief ClerkChristopher Gabriel, SolicitorSusquehanna County Courthouse(570) 278-4600PO Box 21831 Lake AvenueMontrose, PA 18801
​Election Ballot Status
Auditors
Domestic Relations
SUSQUEHANNA COUNTY
Comprehensive Plan: Yes
Register & Recorder
2023 Proposed County BudgetThe proposed 2023 County budget can be view here.
Grants
 - Apolacon   Township
Law Enforcement
Place: Township Building, 390 Bowbridge Road, Little Meadows, PA 18830
Voter Registration
Welcome to Susquehanna County
COG Sewage Committee: No
                                        Contact Us
Driveway Permit Required: Yes
 
GIS & Mapping
                                Economic Development
What's Happening 
Email: apolacon.taxcollector@gmail.com
Login
County Commissioners
Jury ManagerCounty Courthouse31 Lake Avenue (PO Box 218)Montrose, PA 18801 Telephone: (570) 278-6675
Phone: 570-623-2575
Email: apolacontownship@frontiernet.net
Meeting Schedules and Documents
Current Events
Privacy Policy
Apolacon Township 
 - Contact Us
Municipality Information
PO Box 218
Office Phone: (570) 623-2115
RIGHT TO KNOW
Back to previous page
                                Court Offices
Planning and Development
Mon-Fri 8:30-4:30
Message
 - Home
Subject
Scenes of Susquehanna County
County Closing Dates
Susquehanna County Commissioners
Gerald Legg
Time: 7:00 p.m.
Popular Pages
                                        How Do I
                            
Tick Borne Diseases Task Force
Email
Contact and Code information for municipalities in Susquehanna County. 
Terms of Use
Magisterial District Judges
                                        Directions
Address: PO Box 432, Little Meadows, PA 18830
Subscribe
County Election Information
                                Law Enforcement
Juvenile Probation
Susquehanna County offers room for businesses to grow, easy access to global markets and an unbeatable quality of life. Known as the “Top of the Endless Mountains”, Susquehanna County has an active intermodal siding, two Class 1 rail lines and is home to Elk Mountain, PA’s premier ski resort.Susquehanna County is located at the top of the Endless Mountains in Northeastern Pennsylvania, along the I-81 corridor. Susquehanna County is situated between Binghamton, NY and the Wilkes-Barre- Scranton metropolitan regions. More than 40% of the U.S. population and its purchasing power, and more than 60% of Canada’s population is located within 500 miles of Susquehanna County. 
Tick Borne Diseases Task Force 
Apolacon  Township
Municipalities
District Attorney's Office
Building Permit: Yes
Assessment
Contact Information
Name
Human Resources
Online Maps and Information
Information About The Tick Borne Diseases Task Force 
911
County Coroner
Chief Clerk
Log in
Veterans Affairs
Victim/Witness Office
County Documents
Clerk of Courts
Search
Community Resources
Code Enforcement: Josh Hale
Tax Collector: Roger C Morrison
Endless Mountains Visitors Bureau
Block 2
Jury Information
                                        Departments
reCAPTCHA
Phone Number
Prothonotary
Court Rules and Forms
Recycling Center
Active Probation Warrants
Contact Us
Pay Court Fines by PAePay
 - Community Information
Emergency Management
COG Member: No
Correctional Facility
Court Offices
LEGAL INFORMATION
×
Tax Claim Bureau
Treatment Court
Announcements
Clerk of Orphans' Court
Grant Information
Community Information
Hazard Mitigation Plan: Yes
Secretary/Treasurer:  Tina Murphy
Montrose, PA 18801
Emergency Management: Scott White
Flood Plain Management Ordinance: Yes
U.S. SenateJohn FettermanBob Casey Jr State SenatorsLisa Baker9th Congressional District:Dan Meuser111th District Representee:Jonathan Fritz 
Budget Information
The County Commissioners would like to welcome you to the Susquehanna County website. On these pages, you will find information on all of the County Offices and the services that they provide.Formed in 1810, Susquehanna County is located at the top of the Endless Mountains in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The county seat is in Montrose, PA.  We hope you find your visit to our site informative and enjoyable!Please click here for more information regarding the COVID vaccination plan from the Pennsylvania Department of Health.
Sheriff's Office
