German
Assessor's Assistant
Telugu
Community
	
Carney
normklein@putnamtwp.us
Chambers
Pashby
Planning Commission
Sally
Construct, operate, or maintain any use or development in a wetland.
deputyclerk@putnamtwp.us
Deputy Treasurer
EN 
 Facebook
Latvian
First Name
Curt
Guyon
Welcome to BS&A Online, powered by BS&A Software. This page is filled with customizable widgets that allow you to interact with the BS&A data provided by the online and desktop applications.Click here to learn more about this BS&A Online page and widgetsClick here to learn more about BS&A Online basicsClick here to learn more about free lookups on BS&A OnlineClick here to learn more about BS&A Online paymentsClick here to learn more about BS&A Online favorites
French
Assessor
Forms
Thai
Sisco
Valerie
Featured News
Calendars
Czech
codeenforcement@putnamtwp.us
Japanese
Fire Chief
Township Board
Urdu
Cemeteries
Swahili
Last Name
aIncrementDecrementaOpen the calendaraaselect
Find Your Sole
 QuestionClose
 By:  LastItem
                believe there are errors in the data.
Tamil
Yoruba
		
Amy
assessor@putnamtwp.us
zoningadmin@putnamtwp.us
	Contact Info
Assessing
Belarusian
Treasurer
2023 Township Board Meeting Dates
        Home
Animal License Number
Search by Parcel Number through Animal License, Property, and Tax Records.
If you need to determine the presence or absence of a wetland, what the precise boundaries are or need a wetland permit, see the information in the Wetland Services Packet.Complaint formIf you are aware of a zoning or general law (blight, noise, etc.) ordinance violation and would like to file a complaint, fill out and submit the complaint form. All submissions are anonymous.Home-Based Business Permit
        Putnam Township
Icelandic
	Use the links in the Related Links box to find general Township info or if you need to contact staff or trustees.
Galician

bobpress@putnamtwp.us
Sign Up for Notifications
Eggcellent Advice!
Macedonian
Property Search & Tax Information
clerk@putnamtwp.us
Minutes & Agendas
Norwegian
supervisor@putnamtwp.us
senioractivities@putnamtwp.us
Dust in the Wind!
Pat
Township Forms
<a href="http://www.putnamtwp.us/contact/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
    
Zoning Administrator
MessageTitleMessage
Maori
You have found the Zoning and Ordinance pages at Putnam Township. When making any changes to land or buildings, a permit, waiver or other form will likely be needed. The information presented here is intended to explain various forms and when they are needed. It is important to contact the Zoning Administrator at the Township during the planning phase of your project.Before we get into specifics, let’s start with a little background. A township’s master plan is a document and policy that not only guides short-term goals for land use, but is also intended to create long-term goals for what a community wants to look like in the future. Master plans are written, adopted by a township’s planning commission and then by the township's board. Putnam Township adopted it’s Master Plan in 2005 and has updated it several times since.A zoning ordinance is crafted to support the master plan. A zoning ordinance is an effort on the part of a township to avoid land use conflicts by establishing land development districts and making sure buildings and structures are compatible with its surroundings. An ordinance is designed to promote the health, safety and welfare of a township’s citizens. It takes into account many factors, such as land characteristics, natural resources and recreation. Specifically, the ordinance regulates items such as land use, building form, placement, size, spacing, parcel area, width and depth.So what does all of this mean, if you want to build a garage, add a fence or put new shingles on your roof? Read on for specific information regarding forms and permits needed under specific circumstances.Zoning Compliance (Land Use) PermitMost home projects require this permit, including any building that may be constructed, reconstructed, extended or altered. If you are remodeling, putting up an accessory structure (garage, shed, gazebo or barn), or altering it, adding a deck, fence, porch, patio, pool or generator, the Zoning Compliance (Land Use) packet should be reviewed, filled out and returned to the Township.Zoning Compliance WaiverWhile updates such as new windows, siding, roofs and deck boards don’t require a permit, it is necessary to file a Zoning Compliance Waiver. Variance ApplicationA variance is a request to deviate from current zoning requirements and is granted on a case by case basis.  If granted, it allows a property owner to avoid a restriction or condition that would normally apply to their property. Rezoning ApplicationA zoning ordinance determines how a property can be developed or used. Rezoning is the process by which a property is changed from one zoning classification to another. In most cases, people seek to rezone land because they want to use it in a way that is not currently authorized under its current zoning classification.Special Land Use PermitEach type of zoning classification in the Township has its own set of allowed uses. In addition, there are certain special uses that may be permitted on a property, assuming that a Special Use Permit is obtained through the Township. Special Land Use permits require a higher level of review and the approval of the Planning Commission and Township Board.Site Plan ReviewThe Site Plan Review process provides for the review and approval of development projects, so they are consistent with the guidelines of the zoning ordinance. A site plan is a plan, drawn to scale, showing the layout of the proposed use and all structures. Site plans include lot lines, streets, building sites, existing structures, open space, utilities, and any other required information. Site Plan Review is most often used for industrial, office, commercial, and housing developments.Private Road ApplicationSafe access to residential and commercial lots is necessary in order to protect public health, safety and well-being. If a road doesn’t exist, a private road may be needed. Find more information in the Private Roads Packet.Wetland Services ApplicationWetlands are a significant factor in the existence and health of other natural resources in Michigan. As such, they are protected by the Putnam Township Wetland Ordinance and the Michigan Department of Environment, Great Lakes and Energy (EGLE). The EGLE requires a permit for any of the following to take place on a wetland:
        |
Fire Department
Maltese
Dutch
Yiddish
Igbo
Brennan
Cebuano
Village of Pinckney
Danish
Hindi
Feb 9, 2023
Basque
<a href="http://www.putnamtwp.us/contact/contact_us/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
	Contact Us
Turkish
Search by Address through Animal License, Property, and Tax Records.
Drain surface water from a wetland.
Javanese
Armenian
find your sole in
 Twitter
Colleen
Putnam Township  |  Livingston County  |  MIPutnam Township  |  Livingston County  |  MI
 
Street Address:Street Number: to Use Advanced Address Search 
Board of Review
Township Square
Welcome to Putnam Township
Hebrew
Zulu
								
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of 
Lewis
Putnam Township's Zoning Ordinance
Dennis
Supervisor
Gujarati
Ordinances
Portuguese
tomchambers@putnamtwp.us
                of any kind, expressed or inferred. Please contact your local municipality if you
Finnish
Zoning Board
Welcome
English
Leah
Estonian
Elections
Nepali
Share this page
Croatian
Home Contact Us
Share this page on your favorite Social network
Pay My Taxes
Chinese (Simplified)
Board of Trustees
Albanian
Hausa
Home Contact Us Contact Info
<a href="http://www.putnamtwp.us/">Your Link Name</a>
Errorerror message
find your Sole in
We are glad you're visiting the official website of Putnam Township, and hope you can easily find everything that you need. This is your 24-hour-a-day resource, providing a wealth of information about departments, services and amenities here in the Township. We welcome any input or suggestions for our website, from you, our residents and readers. If you aren't seeing something you need here, feel free to email or contact us at the phone number below with feedback. We appreciate all suggestions that will help us to improve our site.
Skip to main content
Kannada
Home
Serbian
Welsh
        Hello there message!
Successsuccess message
Zoning Board of Appeals
Government
 InformationClose
Go
Quick Links
See All Featured Calendar Events
Polish
Trustee
Welcome to our Website!
Read More
Azerbaijani
Malay
Filipino
Copy and paste this code into your website.
Email
Slovak
Lithuanian
Elections & Voting
Marathi
Tom
Haitian Creole
Community Bulletin Board
Home Government Zoning & Ordinances Information & Forms
Search by Name through Animal License, Property, and Tax Records.
	Information & Forms
Senior Center
Lao
Deposit or permit the placing of fill material in a wetland.
Chinese (Traditional)
Animal License
Township Holidays
Jan 12, 2023
Arabic
firechief@putnamtwp.us
Departments
Slovenian
Georgian
By continuing to use this website you agree to the BS&A Online Terms of Use.
734-878-3131 · Fax 734-878-2545
See All News
Afrikaans
Russian
Clerk
Title
            
Putnam Township
Zoning & Ordinances
        Powered by revize. Government Website Experts  ·  LOGIN
Code Enforcement
Patrice
We have added more information to our website, the Community Bulletin Board page. It contains helpful info and details about happenings in our community. Check it out!
        BS&A Online
powered by 
        Copyright © 2023 BS&A Software, Inc.
                of the data herein. This data is provided for reference only and WITHOUT WARRANTY
Get Involved
Niemiec
Norm
Esperanto
Tax
Hungarian
Ruf
 Widget SettingsWidget Title:
Maps
Senior Activities Director
Name
🗙
Somali
website accessibility
Punjabi
				
Township Hall HoursMonday - Friday 9 a.m  - noon and 1 p.m. - 5 p.m.Senior Center HoursMonday - Friday 9 a.m  - 2 p.m.Address3280 W. M-36, Pinckney, Michigan 48169General Phone NumbersTownship Hall - 734-878-3131Township Hall, fax - 734-878-3545Fire Department, non-emergency - 734-878-6788Fire Department, fax - 734-878-9103Senior Center - 734-878-1810Sheriff, non-emergency - 517-546-2440Drop BoxFor your convenience, we have two drop boxes located at the Township Hall. Tax payments, absentee votes, and other types of business can be dropped in these boxes. They are available 24 hours a day and are located on the driveway approach to our building and also in our vestibule. After-hour payments received in either box, on the due date, are posted as on-time payments. Please do not put cash in the drop boxes. We are happy to handle cash during our regular business hours.Staff/Trustee Contact Information
Community Center
Klein
Korean
Search by Animal License Number through Animal License Records.
Persian
Romanian
Zoning
Ukrainian
Rentsch
Miller
                to display information online and is not responsible for the content or accuracy
Bob
Contact Info
Indonesian
Spanish
JavaScript is currently not supported or disabled by this browser.
sallyguyon@putnamtwp.us
Search
Address
Boards and Commissions
Vietnamese
Taylor
Having trouble searching or not finding the results you expect? Click here for search tips.
deputytreasurer@putnamtwp.us
Parcel Number
Bengali
Catalan
**Disclaimer: BS&A Software provides BS&A Online as a way for municipalities
Press
Bosnian
Dredge, remove, or permit the removal of soil or minerals from a wetland.
Bulgarian
			putnam township
        
We are proud of our community and all that it has to offer - it is truly a hub for the outdoor enthusiast! Putnam Township is home to two chains of lakes, where swimming, fishing and boating opportunities abound. The Pinckney Recreation Area, Gregory State Game Area, and Lakelands Trail all fall within our borders, offering hiking, biking, hunting, and horseback riding.The Township is also home to the Village of Pinckney and our own little hot spot - the Hamlet of Hell. For more information about things to do in Putnam Township click here.
  
			PUTNAM TOWNSHIP
Hmong
SERVICESPublic Records SearchAll Record SearchAnimal License SearchAssessing SearchCurrent Tax SearchOnline PaymentsCurrent Tax PaymentsPERFORMANCE DATAMI Community Financial DashboardPerformance DashboardMUNICIPALITIESSelect a MunicipalityACCOUNTSign InRegisterWhy Register?Remote Assistance
<a href="http://www.putnamtwp.us/government_/zoning/zoning___ordinances.php">Your Link Name</a>
Information & Forms
Master Plans
Contact Us
 Reddit
All Records
Tracy
Khmer
Mon. - Fri. 9 a.m. - noon & 1 - 5 p.m.3280 W. M-36, Pinckney, Michigan 48169
Mongolian
Community Links
 ErrorClose
					Related Links
Apr 11, 2023
Irish
How Do I
×
Deputy Clerk
Latin
Swedish
Featured Calendar Events
Close
Please enable it for full functionality.
A permit is required for all home-based businesses in the Township. Our Zoning Ordinance ensures that a business will have no adverse effects on neighboring properties, and protects the health and safety of nearby citizens and the enjoyment of their property. Register your business with the Home-Based Business Packet.Links to all information and forms are in the Related Links box on this page.Contact the Zoning Administrator at zoningadmin@putnamtwp.us  or the phone number below if you have any questions regarding Putnam Township’s Zoning Ordinance.
Italian
BS&A Online HomeHomeMI Community Financial DashboardView Municipal Performance Dashboard ServicesPublic Records SearchAll Record SearchAnimal License SearchAssessing SearchCurrent Tax SearchOnline PaymentsCurrent Tax Payments MunicipalitiesSelect a Municipality Currently not signed inSign InRegisterWhy Register?Remote Assistance
 &nbsp;Close 
Search:  All Records
Greek
treasurer@putnamtwp.us
