Name(required)
Δ
Delmar Township 
(1History of Tioga County 1804-1883, John L. Sexton, Jr., Pages 138-144)
Log in
Email (Required)
											View post in Reader										
Contact
Menu
Sign up
Copy shortlink
New item
Name (Required)
Email (required) (Address never made public)
%d bloggers like this:		
												Sign me up											
 
 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
Notices
Write a Comment...
Contact 
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Office Hours / Meeting Schedules
											Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. 
Documents
Following
			
Email Address(required)
Name (required)
Cancel
 
Delmar Township contains a total area of 82.6 square miles, 109 miles of dirt roads, approximately 50 miles of State Roads and 52,888 acres. According to the 2010 United States Census, the township has a population of 2,856. 
Submit 
Like this:Like Loading... 
Forms & Permits
Delmar Township was formed in 1808 from Lycoming County. Delmar Township and Tioga Township are the two mother townships of Tioga County from which all other townships were directly or indirectly generated.   Delmar Township is the mother, grandmother and great-grandmother of Townships in Tioga County.
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Website
Connecting to %s
				( Log Out / 
Among the first settlers in Delmar, including the site of Wellsboro, were Benjamin W. Morris, John Norris, David Lindsey, Alpheus Cheeney, David Kelsey, William Wells, Gideon Wells, James Iddings, James Dixson, Richard Jackson and Rev. Caleb Boyer. These settlers came from Philadelphia, and from Maryland, Delaware and Virginia. The township in which they located, then in Lycoming County, was given by them, out of compliment to the States of Virginia, Delaware and Maryland, the name Virdelmar, composed of the abbreviations for the names of those states. When the township was fully organized in 1808 the syllable Vir was omitted and the township was incorporated under the name of Delmar.1
Loading Comments...
			You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.			
Collapse this bar
			You are commenting using your Facebook account.			
Delmar Township
Blog at WordPress.com.
Skip to content
Manage subscriptions
Township Secretary    PH:  570-724-5482   Fax:  570-724-5494  
											Report this content										
Follow
Committees
Comment(required)
Enter your comment here...

Contact – Delmar Township
Supervisors
Email:  delmartwp1@gmail.com
Δ 
School & Property Taxes
				Delmar Township			
				Change )
 Customize
