Planning Commission
Precinct 2 - Gaines Charter Township Offices, 8555 Kalamazoo Avenue SE
A resident of Michigan and the city or township where you are applying to register to vote for at least 30 days before Election Day
Contacts
An Inspection
Community Outreach Officer
<a href="http://www.gainestownship.org/how_do_i_(faq)/contact/office.php">Your Link Name</a>
Pay
Search by Address through Property, Building Department, Tax, and Utility Billing Records.
www.michigan.gov/sos
 By:  LastItem
Cutlerville
State Officials
Township Trustees
2014 Adopted Budget
    
Search by Record Number through Building Department Records.
Search by Name through Property, Building Department, Tax, and Utility Billing Records.
                   
You are not required to re-register for each election unless you have moved or changed your name. If you have moved and need to re-register, you can call the Clerk's office at 616-698-7980, or click this link to the Secretary of State's Office to make changes online. With the passage of Proposal 3 in November of 2018, new voters are now able to register to vote at the following locations up to 15 days in advance of an Election.
Building
Employment
National Officials
 Twitter
Community Room
 
Permits
Water & Sewer Dept
A Citizen's Guide to the Township's Finances
Michael BrewTownship Clerk/ Board Member616-698-7980E-mail: michael.brew@gainestownship.org Amber Vander MolenDeputy Clerk/Payroll Clerk616-698-6640 Ext. 132E-mail:  amber.vandermolen@gainestownship.org       
Public Officials
Utility Bill
Email UsOffice Hours 8:30am - 5:00pmMonday-Friday
Committee Minutes
If you are not able to find the information you are looking for, please feel free to contact the Clerk's office. Our staff will be happy to help you.
Personal Property Tax
Emergency Information
Look Up Property Tax Information
Potholes
Local election calendar
Welcome to the office of the Gaines Charter Township Clerk.  The Clerk's Office oversees:
Questions regarding cemetery rules and regulations?Quick Reference Guide to Cemetery Rules
Look up Utility Bill History
Job Opportunities
Change My Address
Code Enforcement
Register for E-Notify
Find your clerk
Master Plan
        Copyright © 2023 BS&A Software, Inc.
Byron Gaines Utility Authority
2022 Adopted Budget 
Voter Registration Information
Maps
Park
2018 Adopted Budget 
HomeGaines Charter Township
Annual Reports
bank statement
Township Manager
Dog License
Township Clerk
Application Forms and Permits
Report or Dispose of Hazardous Waste
You can verify your voter registration by: Calling the Clerk's Office at 616-698-7980 or by clicking on the link below for MVIC. 
History of Gaines Township
Supervisor/Township Manager
Phone: 616.698.6640Press * for operator or dial your parties extensionFax: 616.698.2490
Help Me: (FAQ)
  
All Records
The information provided on the links above will show you valuable information as to how Gaines Charter Township is performing in various areas that affect you, your family and your community, as well as how it compares to other local municipalities.
Burning
Agenda & Minutes
                    Login
616-698-6640 Ext. 130 or 616-698-7980
Water and Sewer
<a href="http://www.gainestownship.org/gaines_charter_township/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
There are nine precincts in Gaines Charter Township.  For your convenience we have listed the precincts and their locations by number:
There are three cemeteries within the boundaries of Gaines Charter Township.  Currently, Blain Cemetery and Dutton Cemetery have lots available. Lots are $300.00 for Township residents, and $1,000.00 for non-residents. 
Summer Tax Deferment
Hours of Operation
 Facebook
Precinct 4 - Heritage Baptist Church, 1570 60th Street SE
Graffiti
Township Staff
Zoning Ordinance
Businesses
Payment
Police
Upcoming Events
 QuestionClose
Treasurer
Absentee Ballot Information
Pay Your Tax Bill Online
        Home
Building Inspections Department
Department Forms
Township Supervisor
Kent County Clerk's Office
							
Parcel Mapper
Codes
Please note that we cannot guarantee that a document available on-line exactly reproduces officially adopted text. Official documents may be obtained at the Township office.  It is our goal to minimize disruption caused by technical errors. However, some data or information on our site may have been created or structured in files or formats which are not error free and we cannot guarantee that our service will not be interrupted or otherwise affected by such problems.  The Township accepts no responsibility with regard to such problems incurred as a result of using this site or any linked external sites.
Safe Home Drain Guide
Freedom of Information Act Coordination
Home  DepartmentsClerk
Dutton Fire
Tax Property Information
Meeting Schedules
With the passage of Proposal 3 in November of 2018, all registered voters are now eligible to vote Absentee. If you would like to be placed on our permanent Absentee Voter list, you may contact us by phone or email. This would ensure that you automatically receive an application for an Absentee Ballot prior to every election that you are eligible to vote in. 
Home  Help Me: (FAQ)  ContactOffices
Supervisor
Welcome
Make a FOIA Request
Irrigation
Precinct Map
Share this page
Tax & Property Information
Gaines Charter Township Office
SERVICESPublic Records SearchAll Record SearchAssessing SearchBuilding Department SearchCurrent Tax SearchUtility Billing SearchOnline PaymentsBuilding Department PaymentsCurrent Tax PaymentsUtility Billing PaymentsBuilding DepartmentApply for a PermitBuilding Department SearchRental Property SearchPERFORMANCE DATAMI Community Financial DashboardPerformance DashboardMUNICIPALITIESSelect a MunicipalityACCOUNTSign InRegisterWhy Register?Remote Assistance
Volunteer
Building Permit Fees
Police Department
Work at the Polls
        Hello there message!
Map to your polling location
A citizen of the United States
                       AccessMyGov.com is now bsaonline.com.  Please change your bookmarks and website links.
Kent County Register of Deeds
Millage Rates
Engineering
Sometimes linked to external sites over which Gaines Charter Township has no control and for which the Township assumes no responsibility.
South Gaines Cemetery: 1601 92nd St., SE 
The Clerk will be able to answer your questions regarding Accounts Payable, Funds or Payroll.  Please feel free to contact her during normal business hours:
Blain Cemetery:  1201 - 68th Street 
Fireworks
Clerk
Ordinances and Reports
Links for Additional Information
Applications and Forms
Gaines Charter Township 8555 Kalamazoo Ave., SECaledonia, MI 49316
                of the data herein. This data is provided for reference only and WITHOUT WARRANTY
Reserve
Tax
 Widget SettingsWidget Title:
The Hoke Butterfly Collection
Pay Your Tax Bill
Report
2023 Adopted Budget
Schools
Property Tax
Parcel Number
**Disclaimer: BS&A Software provides BS&A Online as a way for municipalities
 Reddit
Report a Problem
Schedule
Apply For
Welcome to Gaines Charter Township
Voting Information
© Gaines Charter Township, MIEmployee Portal
 
Transparency and Accountability
Dutton Cemetery: 7000 Hanna Lake SE 
Assessor
Not serving a sentence in jail or prison
Michigan Voter Information Center (MVIC) has additional information such as:
aIncrementDecrementaOpen the calendaraaselect
 Google Plus
<a href="http://www.gainestownship.org/departments/clerk_.php">Your Link Name</a>
Public Notices
Precinct 7 - Providence Christian Reformed Church, 7730 Eastern Ave. SE
Township Profile
Current Items
Gaines Charter Township
 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) RequestsThe Township Clerk's Office serves as Freedom of Information Act Coordinator for Gaines Charter Township.  Click here for a FOIA Request and policy and procedure documents.  Accounting
Search by Parcel Number through Property, Building Department, Tax, and Utility Billing Records.
Precinct 1 - Gaines Charter Township Offices, 8555 Kalamazoo Avenue SE
How Township Government Works
Water Reports
Cemetery/Burial Plot
        Gaines Charter Township
Municipal Performance DashboardThe Municipal Performance Dashboard includes financial and operating measures important to the government and its citizens.  This data includes a current and prior year overview comparison as well as charts and graphs that allow you to view trends over multiple years.  Areas of focus include the following:  >  Fiscal Stability>  Economic Strength>  Public Safety>  Quality of LifeClick here to view the Municipal Performance Dashboard
Construction Standards
MessageTitleMessage
Pay Utility Bill Online
State of Michigan Forms
other government document
Click here to download a copy of the Voter Registration/Driver License/Change of Address Form.Click here to download an Application for an Absentee Ballot.
Michigan Voter Information Center (MVIC)
2015 Adopted Budget
Building Department
Precinct 5 - Heritage Baptist Church, 1570 60th Street SE
Dutton
Street Address:Street Number: to Use Advanced Address Search 
Utility Billing Location ID
Quarterly Fund Balance Reports
BS&A Online HomeHomeMI Community Financial DashboardView Municipal Performance Dashboard ServicesPublic Records SearchAll Record SearchAssessing SearchBuilding Department SearchCurrent Tax SearchUtility Billing SearchOnline PaymentsBuilding Department PaymentsCurrent Tax PaymentsUtility Billing PaymentsBuilding DepartmentApply for a PermitBuilding Department SearchRental Property Search MunicipalitiesSelect a Municipality Currently not signed inSign InRegisterWhy Register?Remote Assistance
Find
Not necessarily comprehensive, complete or up to date
                of any kind, expressed or inferred. Please contact your local municipality if you
Debt Service Report 
Roofing Permit
Errorerror message
Township Ordinances
Service Moving
Zoning Board of Appeals
2020 Adopted Budget  
Successsuccess message
Byron Gaines Authority
Hazardous Waste
Copy and paste this code into your website.
Township Treasurer
Transparency and AccountabilityIn September of 2014, Governor Rick Snyder signed into law Pubic Act 252.  In order for municipalities to receive additional revenue sharing funds for the State, the act requires municipalities to create a "dashboard" where residents can find the following information:
Street Light Out
                Powered By Revize  |  
Register to Vote
Principle Residence Exemption
Apply For Permits
Residents
Recycle Yard Waste (Leaves, etc.)
Departments
Financial Summary:
Parks
Cutlerville Fire
Planning and Zoning
Hydrant Rental Fees
Township Accountability and Transparency
            
        BS&A Online
Bid Opportunities
powered by 
Did You Know?
Apply For Building Permit
Offices
8555 Kalamazoo Ave SECaledonia, MI 49316-8270View Map
Where I vote
Requirements
Precinct 9 - Ada Bible Church, 2045 68th Street SE
Elected Officials
Precinct 3 - Gaines Branch Library, 421 68th Street SE
Search
Welcome!
Municipal Financial Summary
Mechanical
Any Secretary of State Branch Office
        
Welcome to the Gaines Charter Township website, a great resource for information about our community.  Our website is dedicated to providing convenient online services and facilitating communication between the Township and its residents, organizations, and businesses.Gaines Charter Township maintains this web-site to enhance public access to information about its functions and policies in general.  Our goal is to keep this information timely and accurate.  If errors are brought to our attention, we will try to correct them.  However, Gaines Charter Township accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to the material on this site.  This material is:
2021 Adopted Budget  
Kent Country Sheriff
REGIS
Please enable it for full functionality.
New Utility Service
	
Absentee ballots
Precinct 8 - Ada Bible Church, 2045 68th Street SE
www.accesskent.com 
Historical Society
Your Township
Forms
Most application forms and permits are in PDF Format    and require the FREE Adobe® Acrobat® Reader available from the Adobe website.
                believe there are errors in the data.
The MVIC has gone mobile ~ click here for details
Assessing
Cemetery Information
All Township Cemeteries
A Performance Dashboard
Economic Development
Building Department Record Number

You are eligible to vote if you are:
To be A member of A Board or Committee
How do I register to vote?
Precinct 6 - Hillside Community Church, 1440 68th Street SE
By mail 
Contact
        |
Fire Department
Pay Building Permit Fees
Budget Documents
2016 Adopted Budget
Gaines Charter Township maintains this web-site to enhance public access to information.  Content is for informational purposes only and should not be considered as certified, unless so stated.
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Requests
Parks & Trails
Ordinances
All elements of every election
Voter and Election Information
Precinct Locations
Share this page on your favorite Social network
Meeting Minutes & Agendas
Trustees
Click here to view the Gaines Charter Township Precinct map. 
Plumbing
Tax, Property, Utility & Building Permit Information
 InformationClose
Utility Billing
Building Permit
government check
Contact us
Calculating your Tax
paycheck
Kent County
Rates
Voter Application Forms
Staff
Swimming Pool
Pools
Dispose of Hazardous Household Products
New voters are also able to register to vote in person at their local Clerk's Office 14 days in advance of an Election and up to 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Proof of residency must be provided, either with a photo id that matches the voter's address in the jurisdiction, or one of the following (showing name and current address):
By continuing to use this website you agree to the BS&A Online Terms of Use.
Name
🗙
Codes and Ordinances
At least 18 years old on or before the next election
				
Gaines Charter Township  |  Kent County  |  MIGaines Charter Township  |  Kent County  |  MI
FOIA Request
Hours:  Monday - Friday, 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM
                to display information online and is not responsible for the content or accuracy
2019 Adopted Budget  
The information contained on the cemetery maps was accurate as of their posting.  Please contact the Clerk's office to verify information.                                                                                           Area cemetery finder
Search by Location ID through Utility Billing Records.
Gaines Charter Township Cemetery Ordinance
JavaScript is currently not supported or disabled by this browser.
Library
Address
Gaines Charter Township Clerk's Office
All aspects of the Township Accounting System, including payroll and overseeing audits
To serve on a Board or Committee
Having trouble searching or not finding the results you expect? Click here for search tips.
a current utility bill
2017 Adopted Budget 
Public Safety
Electrical
What you should know about your Township
Assistant Clerk for voter registration at specified government agencies
Planning/Zoning
Summer Tax Deferral
Visitors
Student Brochure
 ErrorClose
×
Back to Top
Office of the Clerk
Close
Search:  All Records
 &nbsp;Close 
Welcome to BS&A Online, powered by BS&A Software. This page is filled with customizable widgets that allow you to interact with the BS&A data provided by the online and desktop applications.Click here to learn more about this BS&A Online page and widgetsClick here to learn more about BS&A Online basicsClick here to learn more about free lookups on BS&A OnlineClick here to learn more about BS&A Online paymentsClick here to learn more about BS&A Online favoritesMunicipal Performance Dashboard
