Office Phone Number
BUILDING ON YOUR PROPERTY:
Other Potential locations to purchase 911 address signs are:
Consumer Confidence Reports
911 Addresses cannot be created through a local municipality, State Department of Transportation, the United States Postal Service (USPS) or any other entity.
If your previous sign has been lost/stolen or has been damaged, you should request a new one as soon as possible.
 
Officials
All properties should have a blue or green address number sign at the end of their driveway, in addition to the address on your mailbox, which can be seen by emergency services vehicles from both directions – especially at night – mailboxes are not always near your driveway. Please make sure mailboxes are secure as the Township is not responsible for snow hitting them during road plowing.
42 Duncan Township Road
Demolition of any structure may require a permit.  Anyone considering demolition should contact the Pennsylvania DEP Waste Management office at 570-327-0517 or write to them at:
Within the Village of Antrim waste water service is provided by the township.  Prior to construction of a new residence you must make an application for waste water service at a township meeting. 
About Our Township
Current Fee Schedule
-Per Tioga County Mapping and Emergency Services standards, each township has a designation of how many addresses can go on a section of roadway. Dependent on where your access road/driveway meets the road the new addressable structure is located on is how the configuration of numbers is used throughout the county. Only the Addressing Office can assign this number.
-More information can be found in the “What is a 911 Address?” section.
Current Township rate is 0.8 mil.
For existing structures, a 911 Address should be requested in the rare event that you do not have one, you would like one for a seasonal camp/cabin, or if you are not sure of the exact 911 Number.
-Private Lane name changes can be requested by property owners, township officials, and county affiliates. To do so, submit a completed Private Lane Name Application to the Tioga County Department of Emergency Services.
TELEPHONE/INTERNET:
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
Applying for and receiving an address is free of charge. The only cost will be for the purchase of a Blue Reflective 911 Sign, which can be ordered through by following the “How do I get an address sign?” section.
Contact Erb Inspections at 570-827-3474 for any other issues related to any construction – buildings/decks/fences/above and in-ground pools etc.  Sample application/permit/info forms:
EMERGENCIES – CALL 911
Erb Recreational Cabin
An addressable structure is defined as…
Department of Environmental Protection | Waste Management
Current School tax rate is 19.02 mil.
Erb Fee Schedule
Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission
United States Army Corps of Engineers
Erb Right To Know
Email Address
In the event of a local emergency or disaster residents should seek shelter at the Township Building located at 42 Duncan Township Road.
Erb Swimming Pools
EARNED INCOME TAX
Outside the Village of Antrim prior to any construction of a primary residence or seasonal residence you must contact our sewage enforcement agency – North Central Sewage Agency – at 570-599-6272 to arrange for a site visit to determine available locations for primary and secondary sites for a septic system. Visit their website for detailed information at:
Pennsylvania Natural Heritage Program
Where do I get a 911 Address?
How much does an address sign cost? (Blue Reflective 911 Sign)
DEMOLITION
Municipality Roads/State Routes
OFF ROAD VEHICLES:
Wellsboro, PA 16901
If your driveway will enter onto a Township road you will need to contact the Township’s Roadmaster at 570-353-7532 to coordinate placement and the need if any for a sluice pipe at the end of the driveway.

Special thanks to Tri-Counties Genealogy and History by Joyce M. Tice for historical material
PROPERTY TAXES:
·         Some Building Supply stores (reflective sticker numbers).
The person requesting the address is responsible for all corresponding and personal address changes that need to be made.
Monday 8:00am – 12:00pm
Provided by Penelec (First Energy) at 800-962-4848..
Landline service is provided by one of two sources – Frontier Communications – at 877-832-3493 or – Verizon – at 800-483-6697.
All addressable structures must have a 911 Address assigned by the Tioga County Department of Emergency Services, regardless of the type of structure (i.e., residential vs. commercial vs. industrial). 
DRIVEWAYS:
Erb Inspections should also be contacted for guidance and permits at their number above.
HOUSEHOLD GARBAGE COLLECTION:
Current County tax rate is 6.75 mil.
When do I need an address sign? (Blue Reflective 911 Sign)
Fire service for the township is provided by Morris Fire Department.
Erb Residential Application
Office Hours
Private Lanes
-Residents may not change the names of municipality roads or state routes (This must be requested by the Municipality Board of Supervisors or the State Department of Transportation).
Prior to construction of a pond you must contact the following agencies or you could face the possibility of fines or jail:
When should I get a 911 Address?
Resources/Information
Currently provided by Blue Ridge Communications at 570-724-4516.
Erb Inspections Information
208 West Third Street Suite 101
What is a 911 Address?
 
Although the Township has not adopted a zoning ordinance Tioga County’s SALDO contains building requirements relevant to zoning such as Setbacks. The Township Setback from Township roads for houses, sheds, fences, trees, plants and bushes is 35 feet from the center line of the road. Check with PennDOT for their requirements on state roads.
School taxes are collected by the Wellsboro school system – phone 570-724-0350.
Please Note – The creation or changing of a Private Lane name must be approved by any Municipalities in which it resides, and recorded with the Tioga County Register and Recorders Office. ALL ADDRESSES ON THE LANE WILL NEED TO CHANGE in order to correlate with the new lane name. This process can take up to 8-10 weeks to finalize.
How do I get an address sign? (Blue Reflective 911 Sign)
Natural Resources Conservation Service
Where do I get an address sign? (Blue Reflective 911 Sign)
A permit and fee are also required for vehicles which are overlength, overwidth and overweight.
As soon as an address is assigned to a structure, an address sign needs to be posted on or near the building so that it is visible from the roadway. This is due to local ordinance.
Township Things To Know
POSTED SPEED LIMITS:
Who has to have an address sign? (Blue Reflective 911 Sign)
April Agenda
All Township roads have a 10 ton weight limit. Any use of the Township roads that is in excess of 10 tons requires a permit from the Township Secretary/Treasurer and permit fee.
Agreement
Failure to obtain the required permits may have an adverse effect on any tax reductions for removing a structure.
To order, call the Tioga County 911 Addressing Technician at (570) 723-8108 or (570) 724-9110.
Each resident is allowed two bags of garbage at no charge.  Stickers for additional bags can be purchased at Duncan Tavern and Real Disposal.
DRINKING WATER:
Residents and visitors driving through the Township are asked to respect Township residents whose homes are close to the road by slowing down to alleviate road dust and for the safety of children and pets.
Household garbage collection is provided by the Township through Real Disposal.
The Township has a posted speed limit of 35MPH within the village limits.
Agreement Water 
duncantwpww@ptd.net
					Proudly powered by WordPress				
A 911 Address is a street number assigned to and displayed on or near an addressable structure, in accordance with Tioga County 911 Standards and Protocols and local municipal ordinances. Street numbers are in place for your safety so that emergency responders can find locations quicker in the event of an emergency.
A 911 Address in Tioga County can only be assigned by the 911 Addressing Technician.
How do I get an 911 Address?
Regularly-sized signs are available for as little as $10 (one-sided) and up to $12 (two-sided).
Outside the Village of Antrim drinking water is provided by private wells.
·         Wellsboro Fire Annex
Recycling
Tioga County
Contact the Township Secretary/Treasurer at 570-353-7532 first for a Township Permit – Cost is $8.00.
For new buildings, a 911 Address should be requested and assigned to a structure PRIOR to the beginning of construction. If you do not have an address, you will not be able to secure the proper utilities that are required for homeownership and or building protocols.
570-353-7532
Antrim History
Within the Village of Antrim water service is provided by the township.  Prior to construction of a new residence you must make an application for water service at a township meeting. 
Tioga County Conservation District
For further information on what type of sign is required, please refer to your municipality’s 911 Addressing Ordinance.
STEP 3 – 911 Addressing Technician will review and assign a 911 Address.
-For further information, please see “When should I get a 911 Address?” above.
·         Middlebury Fire Station (570-376-3831)
http://northcentralsewageagency.com
How much does a 911 Address cost?
Can I change my road name?
The Tioga County Department of Emergency Services maintains a small inventory of Blue Reflective 911 address signs and letters/numbers at all times.
STEP 6 – You may begin using your new 911 Address.
Skip to primary content
4 wheelers – are not allowed on township roads.
Office Location
…a permanent structures with living or business space must be addressed for 911 Addressing Standards in Tioga County. This includes houses, camps, trailers (single and double wide), apartments, office buildings, gas wells, compression sites, commercial buildings and retail locations. Outbuildings such as sheds, pole barns, and garages need not be addressed, but can be if requested by the property owner.
Ordinances/Resolutions
The Township has adopted Tioga County’s Subdivision and Land Development Ordinance (SALDO). All plans for a subdivision or land development must be presented at a Township meeting prior to submission to the Tioga County Planning Department.
Resources/Information | Duncan Township	
All commercial construction requires a Township Permit, a building permit from Erb Inspections and may require permits from Tioga County.
Federal Things To Know
ELECTRIC SERVICE:
School taxes can be paid at any branch of Citizens and Northern Bank or mailed to the address on the tax statement.
ON LOT SEPTIC:
There are many different ways to display a 911 address, however every municipality in Tioga County has signed an ordinance requiring that:
Main menu
BUILDING PERMIT. (WORD)  BUILDING PERMIT (PDF)
Any questions about taxes should be directed to the respective tax collectors.
STEP 2 – Complete a 911 Address Application and submit to the Tioga County Department of Emergency Services by mail (99 William Farrell Drive, Wellsboro, PA 16901), email (emergencyservices@tiogacountypa.us)  or fax (570-724-6819).
Duncan Township | Tioga County	
Customer Fees Water
Calendar
Customer Fees 
Erb Applicant Certification
Any structure in Tioga County with a 911 Address assigned to it must also have a 911 Address sign displayed on or near the addressable structure so that the sign is visible from the roadway. A countywide standard suggests a blue metal sign with white reflective letters.   
Erb Commercial Application
Search
TOWNSHIP ROADS:
SUBDIVISIONS AND LAND DEVELOPMENT:
If your driveway will enter onto a PennDOT owned (state) road you will need to contact Mark Inman from PennDOT Permits at 570-659-5886 for the necessary permits and guidance.
PONDS:
STEP 5 – You must post a 911 Address Sign displaying your address according to local ordinance.
In order to purchase a sign, please submit a completed Address Sign Order Form to the Department of Emergency Services.
North Central Regional Office
State Things To Know
Williamsport PA 17701
Annually in April and October the Township holds a Clean-Up Day at the Township building for disposal of trash other than household garbage.
Office Fax Number
The Tioga County Department of Emergency Services 911 Addressing Technician is the only entity that can provide a 911 Address. This office works closely with post offices, municipal offices, and the 911 Dispatch Center to ensure that they are aware of new addresses/address changes.
Any structure, such as a storage shed or detached garage, less than 1,000 square feet in size that is not attached to a residence and does not have electricity only requires an $8.00 Township Permit.
STEP 1 – Identify the location that needs an address.
Property and School taxes are collected by Citizens & Northern Bank – phone 570-724-3411.
Contact Us
2023 Budget
A permit may be required for any logging which requires use of Township roads for transport regardless of weight.
Contact Us | Duncan Township	
Water Authority
Erb Permit Appeal
What is an address sign? (Blue Reflective 911 Sign)
WASTE WATER:
In order to purchase a sign, please submit a completed Address Sign Order Form to the Department of Emergency Services.
Ambulance service is provided by Morris Fire Department.
CABLE:
Duncan Township
Who has to have an 911 Address?
STEP 4 – You will receive confirmation of your 911 Address with phone call from our office, and a written Address Verification letter sent via mail (to your current mailing address) or email.
ADDRESSING:
Duncan township was formed from the townships of Delmar, Charleston and Morris, in December 1873.  Duncan is bounded on the north by the townships of Delmar and Charleston, on the east by Bloss and Morris, on the south by Morris, and on the west by Morris and Delmar.  The discovery of coal in 1867 was the driving force behind the development of the Village of Antrim.  The township has a total area of 19.8 miles.  Current population is approximately 240.  The township maintains 7 roads totaling approximately 7 miles. 
