Blindness Mode: this mode configures the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software for blind users that is installed on a computer and smartphone, and websites must be compatible with it.
Phone: 814-266-2922
Planning Commission
  0  
  Menu   TOWNSHIP LINKS  Calendar
High Contrast
814-266-5610
Recycling Information   
All items must be placed curbside at the front of the residence by 5:00 a.m. on Monday. There will be NO RETURN TRIPS for items not placed curbside by 5:00 a.m. on Monday
Highlight Titles
Mt Calvary Lutheran Church
Next Story
Reset Settings
Agendas & Minutes   
High Saturation
June 13, 20237:30 pm - 8:30 pm
ADHD Friendly Mode
Leaves & Grass ClippingsLeaves remaining from the Fall will be picked up the following Spring, during the month of April. Please place the bagged leaves at the curb for collection. Limbs, yard waste and bagged leaves remaining from the Fall and from over the Winter will be picked up the following Spring when the weather breaks (roughly beginning of April).
207 Ottawa Street, Johnstown, PA 15904
1-800-242-1776
Hours: Monday - Friday 8 AM - 4 PM
Hours: Monday – Friday 8 AM – 4 PM
HAB, INC
Recyclables Preparation
In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes. For example, we provide accurate form labels;
Richland Township Spring Clean Up 2023
Electronics Recycling
 
Humane Society
Previous Story
Johnstown PA 15904
Richland Police Department
Mute Sounds
814-266-2922 ext 3 
  Voting Information 
1-800-545-7741
Frederick J. Kline, CPA, Treasurer
Newspaper
Highlight Focus
Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments
Blindness Mode
Big Dark Cursor
Read All Announcements Upcoming EventsView Full Calendar 
Contact Information For Taxes
Recycling
Employer
Police, Fire, Ambulance – EMERGENCY
Richland Township
 Right to Know
East Hills Recreation
© 2023. Richland Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania. All Rights Reserved. Trademarks are of their respective owners.
Contact HAB, Inc
Commercial Recycling Haulers
Richland Township Municipal Office
Recycling – Richland Township
Link navigator
Richland Zoning & Building Codes
 Emergency Services
This mode helps users with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders to read, browse, and focus on the main website elements more easily while significantly reducing distractions.
Kathy Tercek
Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating and improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility, following technological advancements. For any assistance, please reach out to  
107 Coldren Street, Johnstown, PA 15904
Cognitive Disability Mode
							Cambria County • Johnstown, Pennsylvania 
  Township Staff 
Zoning
Voting Information   
814-266-3846
Richland Township Administrative Offices
Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize important elements such as links and titles. They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only.
Leaves & Grass Clippings
disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs.
Right Aligned
The Richland Township Municipal office will be closed on Monday, January 16, 2023 in observance of Martin Luther King Jr. Day.Read More
 May 22, 2023 
Richland's NeighborsAdams Township
and others. Additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images and provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag
Reading Guide
	                    Blindness Mode                        
www.richlandtwp.com
814-269-0303
Greater Johnstown Career and Technology Center (Band Room)
Richland Fire Department
Items NOT permitted for pick up include: electronics (tv’s, computers etc.), tires, lawn or garden refuse (tree limbs, grass, brush, wood debris) ashes, batteries, propane cylinders, any items with freon (air conditioners, refrigerators, freezers, dehumidifiers etc.), motor oil or liquids of any kind, paint (in liquid form), construction material, auto body parts, or toxic waste.
Underserved and unserved residents of Cambria County is a integral part of information needed to for reliable broadband services to be enabled.
Announcements  
Highland Regional Park
Designed by 1st Team Advertising
814-266-6063
Photo Driver’s License Center
Township Staff
Accessibility
Allows using the site with your screen-reader
Board of Supervisors
Please be advised that the collection of live Christmas trees through the Public Works Department has begun. Please note that all trees must be...Read More
This mode provides different assistive options to help users with cognitive impairments such as Dyslexia, Autism, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily.
Text Magnifier
Epilepsy Safe Mode: this profile enables people with epilepsy to use the website safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.
2022 Keep Cambria County Beautiful Flyer
Richland Township – Cambria County • Johnstown, Pennsylvania
	                    Visually Impaired Mode                        
Newspapers must be bound and placed adjacent to recycling container.
176 Mt Airy Drive, Johnstown, PA 15904
Community Calendar
Cindie Berkey, Police Secretary
Richland Community Days
Our CommunityOfferings of Our Area
							
 Online Dictionary
Hotels & Inns
Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine that is linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others.
Residential Curbside Recycling Program
Left Aligned
Voting Information – Richland Township
		January 6, 2023						 
	                    ADHD Friendly Mode                        
Plastics (#1 through #5)
 Easy Orientation
Navigation Keys
Corrugated boxes must be bundled together with string. Place bundles beside the recyclables container.
Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various different behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with
Lehigh Valley, PA 18002
Real Estate / Per Capita Tax Collector (Kathy Tercek)
Business Privilege, Mercantile, Occupation Assessment, Local Services Tax
This mode enables people with epilepsy to use the website safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.
Solomon Run Fire Company Building
814-266-3146
Ray McCombie, Road Foreman
 Accessibility modes
Penelec
 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
Dyslexia Friendly
Disability profiles supported in our website
Geistown Borough
Kathy Tercek, Real Estate and Per Capita Tax Collector, is open for in-person collections on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10AM-2PM. With the escalation of the COVID-19 public health safety recommendation, social distancing must be practiced and anyone entering the tax office is REQUIRED to wear a mask. As always, payments can be mailed to 1031 Rachel Street or use the secure drop box located to the right of the door. She can be reached by phone at 814-410-3956 or via email at: kathytercek@outlook.com.
  Recycling 
The Richland Township Municipal office will be closed on Monday, January 2, 2023 in observance of the New Year’s Day Holiday.Read More
Belmont United Methodist Church
Martin Luther King Jr. Day
Commercial Recycling
We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone, and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience,
Adjust Text Colors
Do NOT put any recyclables in plastic bags.
for images that are not described. It will also extract texts that are embedded within the image, using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology.
  Broadband Service Information 
 814-410-3956Tax Collection Notice
Dark Contrast
These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible
814-472-2100
Zoning Hearing Board
Comcast
Hide Forever
1000 Scalp Avenue, Johnstown PA 15904
The information on underserved and unserved areas of the state will have a significant impact on funding that Pennsylvania receives from broadband projects from the Broadband Equity, Access and Deployment program. Challenging and disputing information by January 13 will help us make sure we get the funding needed for essential broadband access.
Virtual Keyboard
FAQsHow May We Help You?
Epilepsy Safe Mode
Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome. Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds, with over 7 different coloring options.
Rinse cans and flatten to save space.  Labels need to be removed.
Highland Community Library
Stop Animations
City of Johnstown
Monochrome
Accessibility Statement
Richland Township 
Richland School District
Township Staff – Richland Township
Quick LinksEast Hills Recreation
Annual Recycling Report Application
Johnstown Pennsylvania 15904-2924
 AdministrationPersonnel & Meeting Schedules & MinutesBoard of Supervisors
Letter Spacing
Welcome to 
Arbutus Church of the Brethren
Text to Speech
Voting Information
Additional functions – we provide users the option to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions.
UtilitiesServices Our Township Relies OnUtilities Available in Richland Township
Cardboard (cereal and food boxes, gift boxes, etc.)
as soon as they enter the website.These adjustments are compatible with all popular screen readers, including JAWS and NVDA.
regardless of circumstance and ability.
Visually Impaired Mode: this mode adjusts the website for the convenience of users with visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others.
Center Aligned
Recyclable materials may be commingled, with the exception of cardboard and corrugated boxes. Place bottles, cans, jars, etc. in the recycling container. Cardboard and corrugated boxes must be flattened, cut into no larger than 3’x3′ pieces, tied into bundles and placed beside the recycling container.
Johnstown / Cambria County Airport
Additional InformationMore Helpful AreasMap
screen-readers are able to read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions. As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive
 العربية  简体中文  English  Français  Deutsch  Italiano  Português  Русский  Español 
Ebensburg, PA 15931
Rinse recyclable beverage and food containers to keep insects away and to aid in the recycling process.
a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively. Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements,
Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly. This application remediates the website’s HTML,
814-536-0002
Richland Towers
Medical Facilities
descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups),
Screen-reader optimization: we run a background process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website.
Font Sizing
Tax Office
Light Contrast
Veterans
To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level.
Richland Township Municipal Building
Other Household Recyclables
814-535-6116
Contact – Richland Township
East Hills Recreation Commission
Default
   
814-535-3506
Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.
Reading Mask
Public Works Department
June 19, 20236:00 pm - 7:00 pm
  Contact 
Containers: Recyclables must be placed in containers provided by the Township. The containers are available at the Municipal Building.
814-266-2922
The FCC’s National Broadband Map (https://broadbandmap.fcc.gov/home) has information pertaining to where broadband services are located across the country. The FCC link provides information on broadband providers, connectivity speeds and technologies available for delivery. Through the link, residents may also challenge or dispute information that may be inaccurate or out-of-date.
Richland Township requires all residents occupying single-family and multi-family dwellings of two and three units to recycle specific materials from their solid waste. The following materials are recyclable:
Select Your Language
Contact the Voter Registration Office:
Improves website's visuals
Big Light Cursor
2022 Household Waste Disposal Site Flyer
Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing. This option lets users mute the entire website instantly.
445 Schoolhouse Road, Johnstown, PA 15904
Airport
Voter Registration or Change of Address
Branch/Limb Collection SiteThird Wednesday of every month, branches/limbs are to be delivered to the Municipal Garage located at 155 Township Shed Road from 8:00 AM to 2:00 PM.
All residents north of Scalp Avenue (includes Luther Rd, Elton Rd, Leventry Rd and Solomon Run areas) will be serviced June 12, 2023.
  Tax Office 
Reduces distractions and improve focus
Permit Applications   
Readable Font
	                    Cognitive Disability Mode                        
Cardboard boxes, such as cereal boxes or shoe boxes, must be flattened and placed beside your recycling container.  Cardboard boxes with a wax finish cannot be recycled.TIP: If an ink pen writes on the box, it is recyclable.
Adjust Background Colors
  TOWNSHIP LINKS        Follow us on Facebook (opens in new window)                
All residents south of Scalp Avenue (includes Hostetler Rd, Arbutus Ave, Hunters Ridge and Mine 37 areas) will be serviced June 5, 2023.
Richland Township Building / Zoning Officer
Arbutus Park Retirement Community Recreation Hall
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *FirstLastEmail *Comment or Message *Send 
Peoples Gas
The Solid Waste Authority located in Ebensburg, PA) accepts electronics for recycling during business hours – Monday through Friday, 9am-4pm. Please contact the Solid Waste Authority Office for questions concerning electronics recycling at 814-472-2109.
Calendar
Bundle or bag loose items
Notes, comments, and feedback
Corrugated Boxes (moving boxes, packing boxes, etc.)
PA One Call
Rinse glass containers and remove lids.  Paper labels need to be removed. NOTE: window glass, mirrors, ceramics, drinking glasses, dishes or light bulbs are not recyclable.
Hide Images
alongside console screenshots of code examples:
  Township InfoAbout the Township
June 5, 2023 
Adjust Title Colors
New Year’s Day Holiday
Kimberly D. Stayrook, Administrative Assistant
Tax Office – Richland Township
Highlight Links
Broadband Service Information – Richland Township
Westmont Borough
Real Estate / Per Capita Tax Collector
The following locations are the Richland Voting Areas:
Animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button. Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions.
Richland Township Police – Non-emergency 
Highland Sewer & Water Authority
Cambria County Courthouse
Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML, and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard. This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key.Additionally, keyboard users will find quick-navigation and content-skip menus, available at any time by clicking Alt+1, or as the first elements of the site while navigating with the keyboard. The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, and not allow the focus drift outside of it.Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.
322 Schoolhouse Road, Johnstown, PA 15904
1-800-934-6489
Browser and assistive technology compatibility
to all people: blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more.
Storm Water Management
Holidays: If there is a holiday during the week of your scheduled pickup day, your pickup will be the next day. There is Saturday pickup.  Holidays that fall on a weekend will not affect weekly pickup.
                            Select an option                        
Highlight Hover
Ferndale Borough
Compliance status
Recycling Information
322 Schoolhouse Road, Suite 110
Screen-reader and keyboard navigation

Broadband service provides a vital link for public safety, business, education, economic development, and healthcare. The expansion of broadband services is a must not...Read More
Stonycreek Township
			Tiffany Shomo          
Font adjustments – users, can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more.
Contact
Windber Borough
 Readable Experience
Content Scaling
To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination. Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on
Permit Applications
1-800-764-0111
June 5, 20236:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Fax: 814-266-2024
adapts Its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by the blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments.
 Cambria County Solid Waste Authority Pro Disposal
Act 44 of 2009
Richland TownshipCambria County • Johnstown, Pennsylvania
Ordinances
Helps to focus on specific content
 Visually Pleasing Experience
Low Saturation
Atlantic Broadband (Cable TV)
Richland Township Administrative Offices Fax
Broadband service provides a vital link for public safety, business, education, economic development, and healthcare. The expansion of broadband services is a must not a want. Residents of Cambria County are being asked to participate, review and challenge, if necessary, the FCC’s broadband map information. This review needs to be completed by January 13, 2023.
Visually Impaired Mode
343 Theatre Drive, Johnstown, PA 15904
Township Ordinances   
ResourcesDocuments & Applications
1031 Rachel Street
This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times. We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific
June 19, 2023 
Christmas Tree Pickup
We aim to support the widest array of browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and for MAC users.
Richland Township Fire Department
Tiffany Shomo, Planning & Zoning
Growth & Development Today for an Enhanced Tomorrow!Announcements
Cognitive Disability Mode: this mode provides different assistive options to help users with cognitive impairments such as Dyslexia, Autism, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily.
This mode adjusts the website for the convenience of users with visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others.
Staff
This mode configures the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software for blind users that is installed on a computer and smartphone, and websites must be compatible with it.
Phone: (814)-472-1460
Services & DepartmentsTownship Areas of ServiceAbout the Township
Education
Aluminum Cans, Steel and Bi-Metallic Cans
200 South Center Street
Glass Containers
June 13, 2023 
Planning Commission Meeting
Collection of Recyclables
911
If you’ve found a malfunction or have ideas for improvement, we’ll be happy to hear from you. You can reach out to the website’s operators by using the following email 
814-410-3956
Richland Township Police Department
The Richland Township Recyclable Collection Program requires all residents occupying single-family and multi-family dwellings of two and three units to do the following:
Five types of plastic containers are collected. They are identified with numbers 1 through 5 in the recycling symbol.  Rinse plastic containers, remove caps. NOTE: Plastic grocery or dry cleaner bags are not recyclable at the curb; check with the store for recycling locations.
ADHD Friendly Mode: this mode helps users with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders to read, browse, and focus on the main website elements more easily while significantly reducing distractions.
Conemaugh Township
Michael Burgan, Chief of Police
Bryan J. Beppler, Executive Director
Broadband Service Information
Dampens color and removes blinks
Start typing to search in Wikipedia
Parks & Recreational Facilities
1201 Erickson Drive, Johnstown, PA 15904
May 22, 20236:00 pm - 7:00 pm
May 16, 2023
Forrest Fordham, Township Solicitor
Recycling Waste Examples and Guidelines
Tax Office Information   Contact Us Cambria County
	                    Epilepsy Safe Mode                        
Placement of Containers: Curbside pick-up requires that containers be placed at the curb by 5:00 am on the collection day. Where there is no curb, place containers next to the roadway or berm.
814-266-2024
Line Height
