For reservations and questions, please call  Rick Cross: 724-350-5955
     
HomeEventsShoppes & More
Monthly Township Meetings
CONTACT US
TAX COLLECTOR
North Bethlehem Township – Scenery Hill, P.A.
Voting takes place at the North Bethlehem Community Center. Register to vote, and learn more about voting here: www.votespa.com
Print
(Click to view location on GoogleMaps)
SECRETARY-TREASURE/SUPERVISOR
Whether you’re looking for answers, or have any recommendations, you can contact us right here. We’d like to hear from you, contact us today! sceneryhillpa@gmail.com
Website by AramDesigns
Ronald Sicchitano
Township meetings are open to the public, it takes place on the second Monday of each month at 3:30pm. The agenda varies by month, to have your agenda item added to or have an agenda item to be considered, please contact us in advance: 
 
DineStayVisit
CHAIRMAN
Rick Cross – Republican
VOTING LOCATION
Voting & Elections
Contact 
Our township is registered as a second class township. Although not second class to those of us who live here. Pennsylvania has two classes of townships and all are second class except where first class status has been approved by the voter’s. We would need 300 people per square mile living in the township to be first class. We are just fine with our historic village, cows and trees. Oh, and the view from here is incredible.
USD
North Bethlehem Community Center
Louis Brova
Tax Office: 724-945-5356
James Dudt – Republican
Scenery Hill, P.A. 15360
Learn More About Our History
Shoppes Farm Fresh Produce & More Service Businesses
AUDITORS
Farm Fresh Produce and More
Local Businesses Shoppes
Service Businesses
Residents
Term Ends 2024
MEETING LOCATION
Telephone: 724-945-6141    Fax: 724-945-6161
© Copyright 2022, All Rights Reserved – The Village of Scenery Hill
 
The township secretary, Russell “Rick” Mowl can be found Monday – Friday 9:30 AM – 3:30 PM at his business, Kenney’s Grocery, located at 2176 East National Pike, Scenery Hill PA 15360
SUPERVISOR VICE-CHAIRMAN
Term Ends 2028
Your ticket for the: North Bethlehem Township
Contact Us – Scenery Hill, P.A.
Your ticket for the: Contact Us
Rent out the North Bethlehem Community Center
Contact Us
 sceneryhillpa@gmail.com
Term Ends December 2025
Title
Washington County, Pennsylvania
About Scenery Hill The Village of Scenery Hill is a historic and artistic town along “The National Road”, also known as “U.S. RT 40”, and “The Old Pike”. Visited by presidents, poets, and insurrectionists for many historic years.
Political Structure
Russell (Rick) Mowl – Democrat
This former historic schoolhouse is perfect for your next gathering. There is a total of two rooms that are usable within the Community Center, one room contains a refrigerator, sink, and a microwave. It only costs $75 a day to rent a room. There is also an expansive backyard that also has a playground that is perfect for weddings, parties, reunions, and many other outdoor events!
Schools Churches
Contact the Township
North Bethlehem Township Voting & Elections Civic Organizations
Term Ends 2025
How to Get Here Pictures of Scenery Hill History of Scenery Hill Local Points of Interest
Lisa Wherry
×
Scenery Hill Civic Board Ellsworth Sportsman’s Club Scenery Hill Lions Club 
North Bethlehem Township
School Street, Scenery Hill PA 15360 

Connect 
Close
2178 East National Pike, P.O. Box 112
