Positions Available
May
						You can pay your sewer payments, taxes, permit fees, rentals, parks and recreation classes, etc. via MuniciPAY using:
Taxes
Agendas
Applications and Permits
Planning Commission
Newsletter
Tuesday:
	2 Buccaneer Drive
						FROM:
For those of you that reside or work in the Township, please feel free to contact me at the Township office or send me an email to jnoble@chartierstwp.com
Friday 8 am-12:30 pm
						
We have updated our permits.  Pleases call with any questions.
	724-745-1744
												6:30 pm
Board of Supervisors
Tue
Address:
												7:00 am
				 
News
Upcoming Events
Chartiers Township
						(Emergency Notification System)
							The Swiftreach Network Data has been provided by a third party data provider and only includes listed phone numbers in Chartiers Township. It is important for residents and business owners to provide contact information such as unlisted, unpublished or cell phone numbers, which are often residents primary point of contact. Accurate numbers in the database help to ensure emergency information will be passed on to everyone in a timely manner.
										4th Wednesday at 6:00 p.m.
Public Notices
Closed
Thursday 8am-4pm
Closed from 12-12:30 pm for lunch.
Phone:
We hope our residents and visitors alike find the information herein useful.
                  
Friday:
Fax:
						ZIP Code:
Public Meeting Dates:

	724-745-3415
										3rd Tuesday at 4:30 p.m.
Parks Board Members Only
										2nd Tuesday at 5:00 p.m.
										3rd Monday at 5:00 p.m. as necessary
Sunday:
	 
										Parks Committee
Chartiers Township offers the convenience of accepting MasterCard, Discover, American Express and Visa credit cards for our sewer payments, taxes, permit fees, rentals, parks and recreation classes, etc. The payment processing company charges a service fee of 2.65% or $3.00 minimum to cardholders who use this service.  Simply click"Pay your bill online" on this page, click on the "Pay Online" on the left side of the screen (bottom), or give us a call at 724-745-3415 to use your MasterCard, Discover Card, American Express or Visa.
Copyright © 2012-2013 Chartiers Township                      
jnoble@chartierstwp.com
Canada
Fire Department
										Business Meeting
										Zoning Hearing Board
United States
Tweets by @ChartiersTwp
					with any information that you would like to see contained in the website or  Newsletter.  Please check back often, as we will be changing, adding to the site so that we can provide you with additional services and information. Sincerely,
8:00 am to 4:00 pm,   Closed For Lunch 12:00 to 12:30
Saturday Closed
Stay involved in our community's future:
 
											Chartiers Recreation Committee																							@ Chartiers Community Center
							To update your informationplease complete this form.
	Houston, PA 15342
6
25
										 
							All calls you receive will have the caller ID of “Chartiers Township.” Your information will not be provided to any outside agencies or companies.
Voting Precincts
Pay Online
8:00 am to 12:30 pm
Public Works Department
                                           Contact Us                                           
Police Department
12
										Planning Commission
Home
	Chartiers Township
Dirving Directions:
History
					
                                           Home                                           
Monday:
Saturday:
										Workshop Meeting
											Recycling Day																					
IMPORTANT: When Payment Options appears, click on the "Switch to Pay with Check" link and then continue entering your information.
    			View Calendar          
						Swift911™ is a system designed to make phone calls to specific people or areas in the event of an emergency or for sharing important information. Chartiers Township Emergency Management and other departments will use this system to notify citizens by phone of information regarding you or your property. The system can make thousands of calls in a minute to convey vital information. These messages may include information on floods, fires, water emergencies, road closures, missing persons, evacuation orders, and weather emergencies.
									
						 
Credit Card Payments Made Online, in Office or via Telephone
Right-to-Know
												6:00 pm
Tuesday 8 am-7 pm
												2:00 pm
			
E-mail:
Links
Trash Collection-Recycling
	Please enter your address in the form below
Departments
						City:
										4th Tuesday at 5:00 p.m.
						Country:
Wednesday 8am-4 pm
							Money Order
Code Enforcement
Citizen Request System
Thursday:
Office Hours 
Contact Us | Chartiers Township
Minutes and Agendas
Monday 8 am-4 pm
Chartiers Playground Program
											Spring Clean Up 2023																					
Sunday Closed
							If you would like to provide an alternate number other than your home number you may also do so. The alternate phone number would be called if your primary phone number is not answered by a person or answering machine.
					 
				
Zoning Hearing Board
Community Center
Mon
						Chartiers Township now accepts electronic check payments using our online payment service. Payments will be charged to your checking or savings account at your bank. You will need your 9-digit routing number, as well as your account number from your personal checks (see example below). A per transaction service fee of $1.50 will be charged by the payment processing company for this service.
							Cash
Electronic Check Payments
Township Manager
						Paying Your Bill
Swift Reach
							Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express (service fee will apply, see below)
Powered by SwiftReach Networks, Inc.
Wednesday:
Office Hours:
					Jodi Noble
										1st Wedneday at 5:00 p.m.
Event Calendar
Thu
Bids
					Township Manager
										1st Tuesday at 6:30 p.m.
Contact Us
							 
						State:
						Address or Intersection:
										Friends of the Park
Parks and Recreation
											Electronics Recycling Day																							@ Chartiers Township Community Center
											Friends of Chartiers Parks																							@ Chartiers Community Center
Jun
Animal Control
							Check
Welcome to the Chartiers Township
8:00 am to 7:00 pm,   Closed For Lunch 12:00 to 12:30
						In an effort to provide more reliable and effective communications with citizens, Chartiers Township has implemented Swiftreach Networks, Inc. as our emergency notification provider.
Comprehensive Plan
15
										Parks and Recreation Board
Chartiers-Houston Library
22
							Electronic Check Payments (service fee will apply, see below)
