FAX : (570) 253-5204
Canal Boat Pavilion Grand Opening Dinner June 17, 2023
Bethany After the surveying and laying out of Bethany in 1800 the borough…
At the time Scott Township was established in 1821 it included approximately half of what was to…
                Contact Us            
City  
Henry Curtis, also from Germany, arrived there in 1804. He had come to America during the Revolutionary War and served three years in the Continental Army. He married Marilla Swingle, the daughter of Hans Ulrich Swingle, and they had two children - Jeremiah, also known as Hans, and Mary.
D&H Canal Park
 
Bethany James Manning was born in Connecticut in 1792 and began his career…
WCHS NEPA Gives in the Spotlight
Address 2  
Scott Township
Price : $5 Adults, 18 and under are free.
Buckingham Township
News
E-Mail
Price: FREE
Palmyra is another of the six original townships formed when Wayne County was established from a…
Contact us today at Wayne County Historical Society
The township of Sterling was taken from a portion of Salem Township on April 25, 1815 and is said to…
Research Library
Preston Township
Han Ulrich Swingle, also from Germany, settled in the western part of the township about a year before Henry Curtis and raised a family of six sons and four daughters. The Curtis and Swingle families had many children and have a long line of descendants who still call Wayne County home.
The Mission of Wayne County Historical Society
Historic Topics
Genealogical records WCHS Research Library at 810 Main Street, Honesdale…
Cherry Ridge Township was established on April 30, 1844 from portions of Texas and Canaan Townships.…

Canaan Township was one of the original townships established in 1798 and several townships had been carved out of that extensive area before South Canaan Township was created in 1852. This new township contained the old settlement along Middle Creek where John Shaffer, a native of Germany who had first settled in Orange County, NY, located in 1783 with his wife and son. His second son, Moses, was the first child to be born in the township. Adam Wagner, of Pennsylvania German extraction, came from Maryland to the Middle Creek area about 1783 and first moved into a sugar house built of logs and covered with bark on the farm that was later owned by Edgar Wells.
Preston Township was established on April 28, 1828 from portions of Mount Pleasant and Scott…
Postal Code  
Canaan Township
Damascus Township is the fifth and largest of the original townships created with the establishment…
Hon. James Manning House
Henry Drinker House
About Us
Contact
Welcome to the Wayne County Historical Society, home of the full-size replica of the Stourbridge Lion, the first locomotive to run on commercial track in the United States.
Honesdale The first house on this corner of Court and Ninth Streets was a…
Submit
About the Wayne County Historical Society
Bethany Borough
NEPA Gives is a generosity movement unleashing the power of people and organizations to transform…
Address: 
John L. Burcher House
Address 1  
Cherry Ridge Township
 
Sterling Township
Edward Schlager & Brother
Palmyra Township
Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trademarks are of their respective owners.Website Designed and Hosted by: WISDOM Technology Company.
State/Province  
Isaac Plant was killed by the Gravity cars at Plane No. 9 in 1866. Along with Asa Stanton, he was a noted hunter and was said to have killed nine deer in one day.
Lehigh Township
Manchester Township was created from a portion of Buckingham Township in 1826 and is separated from…
Hours: Open dawn to dusk
Historic Sites
Our Main Museum and museum shop are housed in a building built in 1860 as headquarters of the Delaware & Hudson Canal Company. The D&H Gravity Railroad, which carried anthracite coal from the mines of Lackawanna County to Honesdale, met the D&H Canal directly behind the building. The canal carried the coal from Honesdale to Rondout, New York, on the Hudson River.
Sunday 12:00 pm - 4:00pm 
Country United States 
South Canaan Township :: Wayne County Historical Society
South Canaan Township
Our main museum and museum shop are housed in a building built in 1860 as headquarters of the Delaware & Hudson Canal Company....click here for more information.
Bethany was incorporated as a Borough on March 31, 1821, but this charming village occupied a place…
Mount Pleasant Township
Clinton Township
Navigation
Children's History Lab includes stations about Native American way of life, European homestead with a child-friendly kitchen and garden; introductory genealogy kiosks with access to websites, "gravity" and "geology" hands-on experiences. 
Main Museum
Although the exact date of Dyberry’s establishment as a township cannot be documented, it was…
One of the five original townships when Wayne County was formed in 1798, Buckingham was much larger…
News the Wayne County Historical Society
The first, and only, post office was established at South Canaan Corners, also known as Learch’s Corners, in 1837 with John Jessup as the first postmaster. The tiny hamlet of Canaan Corners was the location of the churches, a, hotel and store. The first store was opened by a man named Buland. P. W. Learch moved from Easton in 1836 and built the hotel.
Required
Damascus Township
William Howell Foster House
The first grist mill in the township was a small hand-mill that served the neighbors in the vicinity of Han Ulrich Swingle’s farm. The mill was only about three feet in diameter with a hard quartz stone that was turned by a hand crank. It took two men nearly a day to grind a single bag of corn into meal. About 1800 John Shaffer built a regular grist mill that ground superior meal in much less time.
                    Facebook                
About Us :: Wayne County Historical Society
Join our Historical Society as a Member. 
Faces in Clay with historian Vernon Leslie's 4,600-plus archaeology collection as its basis, interprets the Native American history of the upper Delaware Valley. A number of important features of their lifestyle, hunting and gathering techniques and social customs are highlighted. In addition, Vernon Leslie's life's work is interpreted and a 17th-century dugout canoe can be viewed to the accompaniment of the soothing sounds of the river and forest.
Email : wchs@waynehistorypa.com
Dreher Township
Open Wedneday -  Saturday from 10am–4pm.
Address : 810 Main Street, Honesdale PA 18431
The Marjorie Smith Glass Gallery connects the 1860 building with the Jason Torrey land office, headquarters of one of the county's earliest entrepreneurs. Four additions built to house our expanding collections and research library complete the 810 Main Street complex in Honesdale.
In 1835 John Jessup and Gabriel Howell erected a carding machine on Middle Creek not far from the old mill. It was small but provided yarn to make blankets that met the need of the community. As new owners took over many improvements were made and by 1886 when Matthew Mitchell of Rhinebeck, NY purchased the plant it had three carding machines, one jack, one hundred twenty spindles, two hand looms and one picker. Mitchell also added a dye-house to the operation. Both steam and water were used to supply power.
The Research Library offers access to WCHS' extensive archive including books, reel-to-reel microfilm, genealogy files, and over 12,000 searchable photographs. The microfilm collection can be viewed with a state-of-the-art View Scan III reader. 
Mission
Message:
Please type the letters and numbers shown in the image. Click the image to see another captcha.
Salem Township was established in 1808. It was taken from a portion of Canaan Township and Delaware…
Samuel Dimmick Building
Wayne County's Glass: Window Panes to White House Crystal includes 156 pieces of glass all produced in Wayne County from the 1820s to 1980s; more that a dozen tools used in the production of glass; cutting's stones and brushed; and several rare photographs of glass workers and the various cutting "shops" in the county. Representative pieces from the Bethany, Honesdale Glass and Honesdale Decorating, Hawley, Dorflinger, T. B. Clark, Hatch & Clark, Vetter, Maple City, Owanda, Irving, Clinton, Keystone, O'Connor, G. Wm. Sell, Kranz & Sell, Linke Companies, and more are on display. The work of Herman Neugenbauer, Louis Rickert, Ray LaTournous, C.C. Hook, and John Murphy, can also be seen.
The first white man to settle in the area is said to be Denman Coe, a Yankee schoolteacher, who had…
Calendar of Events at Wayne County Historical Society
News and Events
Contact :: Wayne County Historical Society
Clinton Township was established on November 17, 1834 from portions of Canaan, Mount Pleasant, and…
Salem Township
Canaan Township was one of the original townships established in 1798 and several townships had been…
c1885-88 1719 N. Main Street, Honesdale John L. Burcher built this house…
Research materials at the WCHS Research Library, your best source for the…
Name
At the Wayne County Historical Society Museum you can explore our extensive permanent collection that includes the D&H Canal, Gravity Railroad, Lenape, and Dorflinger Glass. You'll also experience new exhibitions and programs that reflect a fresh view of traditional and historical works from our historically rich County. Visit us today and explore our history!
Contact Us Today!
Lehigh is the youngest of Wayne County’s twenty- two townships, having been established from a…
Manchester Township
Canaan, along with the other four original townships of Wayne County, was established in 1798.…
Museum has handicapped parking and accessible front entrance. Throughout the museum the exhibits are featured on ramp walkways, and the second floor is easily accessible by elevator. All doorways accommodate wheelchairs.
Calendar
Call the museum for more information regarding our new exhibits, programs, and special events. 570-352-3240
Hours : 
April through December, open Wednesday through Saturday 11am-4pm, and some Sundays noon-4pm. 
About us   
HomeAboutAbout UsMissionMembershipSpeakersContactExhibitionsPermanent ExhibitsPast ExhibitsNew Exhibits 2021HistoryHistoric SitesHistoric Preservation AwardsMovin' EnergyD & H Canal Park at Lock 31Historical LinksMuseumsMain MuseumBethel SchoolD & H Canal Park at Lock 31Old Stone JailJ.B. Park Farm MuseumAdam Jubinsky BuildingHappeningsCalendarNewsArchiveResearchResearch LibraryIndex SearchVital RecordsHistoric TopicsTownship HistoriesGenealogy in Wayne CountyDonate Today!Online Gift Shop
The event at D& H Canal Park at Lock 31 will be able to showcase the completed replica canal…
Jun 17, 2023, 6:00 AM
Join our e-mail list!
Genealogy in Wayne County
c1869 1406 N. Main Street, Honesdale William F. Foster was the second son…
519 Church Street. Hawley This two-story commercial building remained in…
Aug 19, 2023, 10:00 AM
                We are always in Touch for Today, About Yesterday!            
Dyberry Township
The first religious services in the township were held at the home of Hans Ulrich Swingle who was a Lutheran. Out of these early meetings at the Swingle farm, a German Reformed Congregation was established. As early as 1810 Father Owens, a Methodist preacher, visited the community about once a month. The German Reformed and Methodist congregations merged into the Methodist Protestant Church in 1823 under the leadership of Rev. Joseph Barlow. The meetings were first held in the schoolhouse until a church was erected in 1831 at a cost of $1,000. At first the church was used by the Methodist Protestant and Methodist Episcopal denominations. A Methodist Episcopal Church was erected at South Canaan Corners about 1855 under the direction of Rev. Elias B. Adair. A Free Methodist class was formed in 1865 and their church was built in 1871 about a mile west of South Canaan Corners.
Address : 179 Texas Palmyra Highway, Hawley, PA 18428
Phone Number:
HomeAboutExhibitionsHistoryMuseumsHappeningsResearchDonate Today!Online Gift Shop
Wayne County’s canal boat replica to be named after Clinton Leet
Membership
Mount Pleasant Township was one of the six original townships created when Wayne County was…
Jun 2, 2023, 6:00 AM
Speakers
Phone : (570) 253-3240
Mailing: PO Box 446, Honesdale PA 18431
The Wayne County Historical Society is planning its 10th annual Canal Festival for August 19, 2023.…
Accessibility Notes
                    Instagram                
Back to Townships
Movin' Energy: The History of the Delaware and Hudson Canal 1828-1898 is housed in the addition built in 1993 for the Stourbridge Lion replica, the centerpiece of this award-winning exhibit. The first locomotive to turn wheel on commercial track in the United States made its first run here in Honesdale. A D&H passenger gravity car, the Eclipse, with its hand stenciled ceiling and beautiful carved wood interior, and a paymaster's buggy share the floor space with the Stourbridge Lion replica.
Some of our permanent exhibits include:
