Community
Local Government
Taxes
Agendas
Follow the instructions when applying fertilizers and pesticides to your lawn or garden and never apply these products immediately before a rain storm. Use fertilizers sparingly and use least toxic pesticides.
Planning Commission
		Extension: 4030
Neighborhood Notes
Transportation
What can residents of Unity Township do to improve stormwater quality in the Township?
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s MS4 Web Site.
A slide presentation of the Township’s MS4 system
FAQsGet answers to common questions.
Board of Supervisors
Earned Income Tax
Receptionist
The Township was formally incorporated on September 23, 1789 with initial records of settlement going back to 1760. Unity Township was formed from Mt. Pleasant Township, one of Westmoreland’s original municipalities. Today, Unity Township is a Second Class Township with an area of 69 sq. miles, a population of 22,607 and maintains approximately 140 miles of roads. Duties and responsibilities of the road crew include paving, winter maintenance, ditch cleaning, removal of fallen trees along with many other tasks.
What is an MS4?
	Extension: 4016Lorrie Shepler
For more information follow this link.
It has been the long-standing policy of Unity Township to
Construction Code Appeals Board
MCM #6 – Pollution Prevention and Good House Keeping
DirectoryHome Directory
Unity Township MS4 Status Report 2021
The Township also utilizes the technical support services of the Westmoreland Conservation District to review land disturbance plans to ensure that these plans are sufficient in addressing construction site stormwater and post-construction stormwater and to conduct site inspections to ensure that the sites are being constructed in accordance with the approved plans.
Unity Township MS4 Outfall Field Screening Report
Hospitals
Mobile Homes
Unity Township MS4 Status Report 2020
As stormwater runoff flows over lawns, roadways, parking lots, or land disturbed by construction activities, it accumulates chemicals, oils and grease, debris and litter, sediment, heat or other pollutants that contaminate and adversely affect the water quality of our natural waterways.
Chairman
	Extension: 4011
Unity Township MS4 Status Report 2019
MS4 is an acronym for a Municipal Separate Storm Sewer System.  An MS4 is defined as a collection and conveyance system or a group of collection and conveyance systems owned, operated and maintained by a state, city, township, borough or other public entity.  An MS4 collects and conveys only storm water runoff and conveys it into streams, rivers, lakes, wetlands or other natural or man-made receiving waters within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Welcome to Unity Township!
As part of its MS4 permit program, the Township has implemented several actions required under the NPDES storm water program, permittees must develop a stormwater management plan that provides the details of how the community will comply with the requirements of the permit. Permits are based on six minimum control measures, or MCMs, to ensure the proper handling and discharge of stormwater through its MS4 system.  Such measures include:
The public is a valuable asset to a municipal stormwater management plan. The MS4 program can only be successful if the community around is willing to comply and be involved. The township is always looking for volunteers, including scouting groups, educators, outdoors clubs, watershed and environmental groups, or any individuals interested in keeping our streams and lakes clean.
Points of InterestLocal Area Attractions

The Unity Township Municipal Building is centrally located within the township along Beatty-County Road just off of Route 30.
It takes everyone to provide continual improvement to the waterways within Unity Township.  We would hope that every person realizes that what is dumped into the Township’s MS4 system, ultimately ends up in the streams, rivers and lakes that we all care about.  Here are several things each of us can do to help keep our waterways clean.
Burning of Leaves
Merle Musick
Contact the Township Supervisors’ office at (724) 539-2546 for more information or if you have any questions
724-539-8766
Unity Township recognizes that storm water is a very important natural resource that provides a source for our drinking water supplies, water for our crops, lawns and gardens, and a replenishment of our streams, ponds and lakes which in turn provide recreation opportunities and enhanced aesthetic value to our community. In order to protect our natural waterways, Unity Township has implemented a program to regulate the storm water that is intercepted by its municipal separate storm sewer system, or MS4.
See Township EventsCheck Out the Township Events Calendar
Unity Township’s Stormwater ProgramHome Unity Township’s Stormwater Program
Tax Collector
Sharon Sweeney
(724) 539-8766Gibson-Thomas
Auditors
Unity Township MS4 Pollutant Reduction Plan
Contact
Through its Illicit Discharge Detection and Elimination program, the Township has developed a Township-wide MS4 outfall map showing all natural waterways and roadways within the Township as well as all outfall locations of its MS4 system into the natural receiving waters.  This map will serve as a tool for the Township to identify outfalls that are discharging pollutants as determined by periodically conducting visual inspections of each outfall.  Any indications of non-stormwater discharge will prompt the Township to find and identify the source of these pollutants and take actions to eliminate the source(s).
Points of Interest
Unity Township Stormwater ProgramUseful information on our Stormwater Program
	Extension: 4017John F. Mylant
Unconventional Gas Well Fund UsageDownload the latest report.
Township Calendar
SupervisorsMike O'Barto
Planning Secretary
Law Enforcement
Have your vehicles serviced regularly to eliminate or minimize any leaks in your vehicle.
Ordinance Officer
The Township is also monitoring all other municipal operations such as fleet vehicle maintenance, municipal property maintenance, as well as salt and anti-skid material stockpiling to minimize any detrimental impacts that these operations may have on the MS4 system.
Property Tax Rebate
Building
Vice Chairman
eCodes
Latrobe, PA 15650-4709
 
Mark J. Burkardt
Unity Township MS4 Status Report 2018
Postal Service
Unity Township MS4 Permit
Supervisor
Extension: 4012Steve Yanchik
ContactHome Contact
MCM #1 – Public Education & Outreach
152 Beatty County Road
Right to Know
Related Links and more information for the Township’s Stormwater Program
The MS4 system may include such structures as storm pipes, catch basins, storm manholes, trench drains, roadside swales and cross drains, conveyance channels, detention ponds, infiltration basins, rain gardens or other structures designated for the collection, storage and conveyance of stormwater runoff.
A Homeowner’s Guide to Protecting Our Watershed has been developed by the 3 Rivers Wet Weather Demonstration Program for residents of the City of Pittsburgh and other western Pennsylvania.
Contact – Unity Township
Spring Clean-Up
Legislators & Voting Precincts
(724) 539-8562Gary Falatovich
Do not litter or illegally dump.  Always dispose of any trash in its proper location and recycle whenever possible.  Car batteries can be turned it at most automotive parts stores.  Used motor oil and worn tires can be turned in at most auto service shops and auto parts stores.
Easter Bunny Drive-Thru
An informed community is a very important part of a stormwater management program to insure support and compliance. For this measure the township is providing and distributing educational materials concerning stormwater runoff through various outlets to residents, businesses, contractors and developers within the Township. Storm drain markers are also important to remind those passing by that the storm drains connect to local waterbodies and dumping will pollute those water, so you may start seeing these plaques on the inlets.
MCM #2 – Public Participation/Involvement
Home
This program was initiated by a state-wide mandate for small- to medium-sized communities with MS4s, such as Unity Township, to be permitted under the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection’s (PADEP’s) National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Phase II permit program. This webpage provides general information on storm water and on the Township’s MS4 stormwater program.
More information on MCM #5 is located here.
Non-stormwater discharge is discharge into the Township’s MS4 system or natural waterways that is not rainfall or snowmelt.  Non-stormwater discharge includes groundwater exfiltration, mine pool discharge, discharges from potable water sources such as fire hydrants or waterline blow-off valves, sanitary sewer discharges, septic systems, or combined sanitary and storm overflows.  The Township’s stormwater management ordinance prohibits illicit discharges and connections into its MS4 but does list certain exemptions for non-stormwater discharges.
The Township has adopted an ordinance to prohibit illicit discharges and connections of non-stormwater into its MS4 system and enable the Township the authority to fine individuals caught illegally dumping pollutants into its MS4 system.
MCM #3 – Illicit Discharge Detection and Elimination
More information on MCM #6 is located here.
Unity Township’s Stormwater Program
Polluted stormwater runoff from construction sites flows into the MS4 system and into the rivers and streams. The main pollutant concern is sedimentation. The Township has adopted an ordinance for the regulation of stormwater management of land disturbance activities and contractors need to be aware of the requirements and how to satisfy them.
The Unity Township Board of Supervisors is currently accepting letters
Engineer
Gail Rause
 UNITY TOWNSHIP SUPERVISORS
Building Department Secretary
Latrobe, PA 15650
The Township has adopted an ordinance for the regulation of stormwater management for the handling of stormwater runoff from a site after it has been developed.  The Township also provides educational material to developers and contractors who come to the Township office for building permit applications.
Per Capita Tax
 View Meeting Agenda TaxesImportant Tax Information and Downloadable Forms
For more information on illicit discharges follow this link.
Zoning Officer
Township Treasurer
Extension: 4026Township OfficialsMark J. Burkardt
Zoning was instituted in Unity Township on September 25, 1991. Building permits along with on-lot septic permit applications and recycling information can be obtained through the Code office.
	Extension: 4018Tom Schultheis
	Extension: 4015Municipal Officials & EmployeesGail Rause
Building Code Official/Planning Director
PADEP’s MS4 Stormwater Management Program Protocol
More information on MCM #1 is located here
Departments
Stormwater runoff is water from rainfall, snowmelt, and/or ice melt that flows over ground or across impervious surfaces (streets, parking lots and rooftops) and does not infiltrate into the ground.  Stormwater runoff may flow directly into natural waterways or it may be intercepted and collected by the Township’s municipal separate storm sewer system where it is then discharged at discrete locations referred to as outfalls into the natural waterways.
Latrobe, PA 15650(724) 539-2546
Job Opportunities
For Holiday hours, please call the Tax Office
Unity Township MS4 PRP FULL REPORT.pdf
Resident’s Info
FAQs
Residential Building Inspector
Code Enforcement
(724) 834-7080Municipal Authority
Tax Forms
Township Secretary
What is Unity Township Doing About Stormwater Runoff?
	Extension: 4013Ed Poponick
Unity Township – Building On Our Beauty
Solicitor
MCM #4 – Construction Site Runoff Control
General Tax InformationHome Taxes General Tax Information
Unity Township Municipal Authority (UTMA) Board
Unity Township Directory
To learn more about stormwater, go to www.stormwaterpa.org or visit the Pennsylvania DEP’s Municipal Stormwater Web Site.
For more information or ideas on how you can help out, call the Township at 724-539-2546 or follow this link.
	 Extension: 4023
Resources for Seniors Care in Pennsylvania
Unity Township Municipal Authority has relocated. See their website at http://www.utmapa.org for contact and additional information.
Downloadable Tax Forms
Zoning Hearing Board
Garbage
Utilities
Unity Township Tax Collector
Planning
Schools
Zoning
Information on handling discharge from swimming pools
Dog Catcher
Unity Township’s Stormwater Program – Unity Township
154 Beatty County Road
Real Estate/Property Taxes
Also, as more impervious cover is constructed or as natural vegetation is cleared and the underlying soil is compacted, more stormwater runoff is generated.  Stormwater runoff pollution can lead to deterioration of the quality of our natural waterways which are used for fishing, swimming, boating, as well as sources of our potable water supply.  Increases in stormwater volume can lead to accelerated stream bank erosion and more frequent flooding which can result in damage to and loss of property as well as premature failure of roadways, bridges, and other infrastructure.
Monday – Thursday 8 am to 4 pm
 Read More
							© 2021 Unity Township. All Rights Reserved.						
Emergency Management Coordinator
Distinguished Youth Award
This is a crucial part of any MS4 program and by the township keeping their system clean it should encourage you to do the same. The Township is continuously maintaining and tracking its MS4 system through cleaning, repairing and improving the system to ensure that it is functioning correctly.
As required under its MS4 Permit, Unity Township submits an MS4 Annual Status Report that reports actions the Township has taken over the past year to reduce pollution in its MS4 and receiving waters.  Click below to view the MS4 Permit and MS4 Status Reports .
Vegetate bare spots in your yard and compost your yard waste. Also direct down spouts away from paved surfaces; consider a rain garden to capture runoff.
General Tax Information – Unity Township
Fridays 8 am to 4pm March, April, August & September Only
Do not dump any chemicals, oils or other automotive fluids, grease, pet waste, grass clippings or other yard debris, fertilizers, etc. into storm inlets, catch basins, roadside ditches or directly into stream channels.  This can lead to endangerment of the health of fish and other aquatic life, decrease in recreational opportunities and impairment of drinking water.
Greg Fumea
Fire Departments
✕
Unity Townships 3rd annual spring clean-up will be held on
Directory – Unity Township
The Easter Bunny is coming to Unity Township for a
What is Non-Stormwater Discharge?
Extension: 4025
(724) 539-2546            info@unitytownship.org
MCM #5 – Post Construction Runoff Control
What is Stormwater Runoff?
Why Can Stormwater Runoff Be A Problem In The Township?
Extension: 4023Harry Hosack
The Unity Township Municipal Building is centrally located within the township along Beatty-County Road just off of Route 30.The Township was formally incorporated on September 23, 1789 with initial records of settlement going back to 1760. Unity Township was formed from Mt. Pleasant Township, one of Westmoreland’s original municipalities. Today, Unity Township is a Second Class Township with an area of 69 sq. miles, a population of 22,607 and maintains approximately 140 miles of roads. Duties and responsibilities of the road crew include paving, winter maintenance, ditch cleaning, removal of fallen trees along with many other tasks.Zoning was instituted in Unity Township on September 25, 1991. Building permits along with on-lot septic permit applications and recycling information can be obtained through the Code office.
General Tax Information
Hours
LST Tax
Extension: 4024Julieanne Zoppetti
A stormwater educational flyer prepared by PADEP
Notify the Township at 724-539-2546 to report any illegal dumping into the Township’s storm sewer system or natural waterways.
