Municipal Building Office Closure for Election Day
Decks
Community
Learn More
ExploreROSTRAVER TOWNSHIP
By an approved state program as determined by the Secretary of the Interior; or
        Powered by Revize, the Government Website Experts    |   Login
Recent News
Individually listed on a local inventory of historic places in communities with historic preservation programs that have been certified either:
Historical Society
Swimming Pools
Welcome to Rostraver Twp, PA
Sign Up
 Facebook
Flood Maps
 
Roofing
Individually listed on a state inventory of historic places in states with historic preservation programs which have been approved by the Secretary of Interior; or
Directions
C.
          Charles Christner                              …      724-633-5105
Solicitation License
Please Vote! Tuesday, May 16, 2023 
Rostraver Township K9 Program
Driveways
Westmoreland County Tax Parcel
 Emergency-Ambulance/Fire/Police …      911
Request to Review Records
           Pricedale                                           …      724-929-3539           Webster                                             …      724-379-6748          West Newton                                      …      724-872-6169
Rezoning
Minutes
Township Maps
Upcoming Events
Garbage Collection:
ACCESSORY USE OR STRUCTUREA use or structure on the same lot with and of a nature customarily incidental and subordinate to the principal use or structure.BASEMENTAny area of the building having its floor below ground level on all sides.BUILDINGA combination of materials to form a permanent structure having walls and a roof; included shall be all manufactured homes and trailers to be used for human habitation.COMPLETELY DRY SPACESpace which will remain totally dry during flooding; the structure is designed and constructed to prevent the passage of water and water vapor.DEVELOPMENTAny man-made change to improved or unimproved real estate, including but not limited to the construction, reconstruction, renovation, repair, expansion or alteration of buildings or other structures; the placement of manufactured homes; streets and other paving; utilities; filling, grading and excavation; mining; dredging; drilling operations; storage of equipment or materials; and the subdivision of land.ESSENTIALLY DRY SPACESpace which will remain dry during flooding, except for the passage of some water vapor or minor seepage; the structure is substantially impermeable to the passage of water.FLOODA temporary inundation of normally dry land areas.FLOODPLAIN AREAA relatively flat or low land area which is subject to partial or complete inundation from an adjoining or nearby stream, river or watercourse; and/or any area subject to the unusual and rapid accumulation of surface waters from any source.FLOODPROOFINGAny combination of structural and nonstructural additional, changes or adjustments to structures which reduce or eliminate flood damage to real estate or improved real property, water and sanitary facilities, structures and their contents.FLOODWAYThe designated area of a floodplain required to carry and discharge floodwaters of a given magnitude. For the purposes of this chapter, the floodway shall be capable of accommodating a flood of the one-hundred-year magnitude.HISTORIC STRUCTUREAny structure that is:A.
<a href="http://www.rostraver.us/">Your Link Name</a>
Westmoreland Cleanways & Recycling Flyer
Re-Zoning
Floodplain Management
Rostraver Township Tax Office
The addition of an accessory building, including farm buildings, on a lot or lots subordinate to an existing principal building; or
LOWEST FLOORThe lowest floor of the lowest fully enclosed area (including basement). An unfinished, flood-resistant partially enclosed area, used solely for parking of vehicles, building access and incidental storage, in an area other than a basement area is not considered the lowest floor of a building, provided that such space is not designed and built so that the structure is in violation of the applicable non-elevation design requirements of this chapter.MANUFACTURED HOMEA transportable, single-family dwelling intended for permanent occupancy, office or place of assembly, contained in one or more sections, built on a permanent chassis, which arrives at a site completed and ready for occupancy except for minor and incidental unpacking and assembly operations and constructed so that it may be used with or without a permanent foundation. The term includes park trailers, travel trailers, recreational and other similar vehicles which are placed on a site for more than 180 consecutive days.MANUFACTURED HOME PARKA parcel of land under single ownership, which has been planned and improved for the placement of two or more manufactured homes for nontransient use.MINOR REPAIRThe replacement of existing work with equivalent materials for the purpose of its routine maintenance and upkeep, but not including the cutting away of any wall, partition or portion thereof, the removal or cutting of any structural beam or bearing support or the removal or change of any required means of egress or rearrangement of parts of a structure affecting the exitway requirements; nor shall minor repairs include addition to, alteration of, replacement or relocation of any standpipe, water supply, sewer, drainage, drain leader, gas oil, waste, vent or similar piping, electric wiring or mechanical or other work affecting public health or general safety.NEW CONSTRUCTIONStructures for which the start of construction commenced on or after August 16, 1982, and includes any subsequent improvements thereto.ONE-HUNDRED-YEAR FLOODA flood that, on the average, is likely to occur once every 100 years (i.e., that has a one-percent chance of occurring each year, although the flood may occur in any year).PERSONAn individual, partnership, public or private association or corporation, firm, trust, estate, municipality, governmental unit, public utility or any other legal entity whatsoever, which is recognized by law as the subject of rights and duties.RECREATIONAL VEHICLEA vehicle which is built on a single chassis; not more than 400 square feet, measured at the largest horizontal projections; designed to be self-propelled or permanently towable by a light-duty truck; not designed for use as a permanent dwelling but as temporary living quarters for recreational, camping, travel or seasonal use.REGULATORY FLOOD ELEVATIONThe one-hundred-year-flood elevation plus a freeboard safety factor of 1 1/2 feet.SPECIAL PERMITA special approval which is required for hospitals, nursing homes, jails and new manufactured home parks and subdivisions and substantial improvements to such existing parks, when such development is located in all or a designated portion of a floodplain.STRUCTUREAnything constructed or erected on the ground or attached to the ground, including but not limited to buildings, sheds, manufactured homes and other similar items.SUBDIVISIONThe division or redivision of a lot, tract or parcel of land by any means into two or more lots, tracts, parcels or other divisions of land, including changes in existing lot lines for the purpose, whether immediate or future, of lease, partition by the court for distribution to heirs or devises, transfer of ownership or building or lot development; provided, however, that the subdivision by lease of land for agricultural purposes into parcels of more than 10 acres, not involving any new street or easement of access or any residential dwelling, shall be exempted.SUBSTANTIAL DAMAGEDamage from any cause sustained by a structure whereby the cost of restoring the structure to its before-damaged condition would equal or exceed 50% or more of the market value of the structure before the damage occurred.SUBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENTAny reconstruction, rehabilitation, addition or other improvement of a structure, the cost of which equals or exceeds 50% of the market value of the structure before the start of construction of the improvement. This term includes structures which have incurred substantial damage, regardless of the actual repair work performed. The term does not, however include either:A.
<a href="http://www.rostraver.us/how_do_i/regulations/flood_control_information/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
Listed individually in the National Register of Historic Places (a listing maintained by the Department of interior) or preliminarily determined by the Secretary of the Interior as meeting the requirements for individual listing on the National Register;
Dept of Environmental Protection
Civil Service Commission
Meetings
(a)
E-Waste Recycling Program
Fences
Appeal to Flood Map Changes
Committees

          Rostraver Twp #1 Webster              …      724-379-7838
Veterans Committee
Westmoreland County Comprehensive Plan
Fee Schedule
      
Public Transportation
Township Manager/Finance Director
Garage
Application for Absentee Ballot
A subdivision of land.
    
Westmoreland Conservation District
Agricultural Security Advisory Committee
Welcome toRostraver Township, PA
Contact
Animal Control Service                               …      724-503-4417
Street Light Outage
Planning Agency Schedule
Berkheimer Tax Adminstrator                    …      412-881-3075
Westmoreland County Courthouse           …      1-800-442-6926
A group of two or more residential or nonresidential buildings, whether proposed initially or cumulatively, or a single nonresidential building on a lot or lots regardless of the number of occupants or tenure; or
STAY UP TO DATESign up for email updates 
Request For Public Records Form
Westmoreland County
Cutting/Boring Application
          Rostraver Central Vol. Fire               …      724-379-5036
Recreation Department
Commissioners
Coronavirus Precautions
Remodeling/Renovations
District Magistrates
          Big’s Sanitation Inc.                          …      724-379-4331
As used in this chapter, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:
Any of the following activities:
The improvement of one lot or two or more contiguous lots, tracts or parcels of land for any purpose involving:
Overweight Highway Occupancy/Right-Of-Way Work
Rostraver Township Board of Commissioners Work Session - Zoom Webinar - Wednesday, May 17, 2023
Belle Vernon Area School District             …      724-808-2500
advertisements
 Twitter
The division or allocation of land or space, whether initially or cumulatively, between or among two or more existing or prospective occupants by means of or for the purpose of streets, common areas, leaseholds, condominiums, building groups or other features.
Your local government is run by a five member Board of Commissioners.  The Board members are elected to staggered, four-year terms in at-large elections.  The Board of Commissioners is vested with the legislative powers of the Township and is responsible for the adoption of ordinances, resolutions and policies that guide the operation of the township government.  They meet the first, third, and last Wednesday of every month to discuss the township’s business and to approve the annual budget all in accordance with the First Class Township Code.  Any questions or information about the Township can be answered by contacting the Rostraver Township Municipal Building by phone at 724-929-8877, by email at commissioners@rostraver.us, or through the website at www.rostraver.us.
 
The addition or conversion of buildings or rides within the confines of an enterprise which would be considered an amusement park. For purposes of this subclause, an "amusement park" is defined as a tract or area used principally as a location for permanent amusement structures or rides. This exclusion shall not apply to newly acquired acreage by an amusement park until initial plans for the expanded area have been approved by proper authorities.
								
724-929-8877
Westmoreland County Recorder of Deeds
Township of Rostraver
Variance Zoning Appeal
Rostraver Township:          Municipal Building                             …      724-929-8877          Police Department                            …      724-929-8811          Road Department                              …      724-929-7224          Sewage Authority                              …      724-930-7667          Tax Collector                                     …      724-929-7001
Planning & Zoning Department
Rostraver Library                                        …      724-379-5511
Home Occupation
Township Solicitor
Rostraver Twp, PA
201 Municipal DriveRostraver Township, PA 15012
Stormwater Management Plan
Single Family Dwelling Info
Share this page
<a href="http://www.rostraver.us/community/directory/index.php">Your Link Name</a>
D.
Share this page on your favorite Social network
Regulations
HomeCommunityDirectory
Rental Occupancy
A.
Police Department
Demographics
Skip to main content
Please check on our Township Codes for the full explanation on the Floodplain Management under Chapter 97.
Popular Pages
Protection
Government
IDENTIFIED FLOODPLAIN AREAThe floodplain area specifically identified in this chapter as being inundated by the one-hundred-year flood.
Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission
Go
Gallery
  Office:
see all news
About Rostraver Township
Copy and paste this code into your website.
 Rostraver Township is one of Pennsylvania’s most scenic and fastest growing townships. Rostraver Township has a diverse use of land within its 36 square miles including agriculture, a general aviation airport, Cedar Creek County Park, regional commercial and industrial sites, Interstate I-70 and the major state highway Route 51. Beyond its beautiful, rural atmosphere, residents enjoy educational and recreational opportunities. The Township strives to preserve the character of the community while providing the municipal services this growing community needs and desires. The Rostraver Township Board of Commissioners try to balance the rural history of the township with the continual residential and commercial growth the Township experiences due to its wonderful location and large tracts of open land.
Boards
Window Replacements
Wireless Communication Facilities
How Do I?
Department of Environmental
(3)
Directly by the Secretary of the Interior in states without approved programs.
Solid Waste
Township Codes
From the Commissioners
          Wayne Vlasic (Monessen)                …      724-684-6444
Cedar Creek Park
Land Development
Gas Wells
  
Google
Penn Dot Updates/Info
Departments
Stormwater Management Exemption Application
 www.generalcode.com
Resolution #842
Watch here for any Alerts!
Fireworks
B.
Sewage Authority
(b)
announcements
Building And Condo Summary
Chamber of Commerce
Conditional Use
US Census Profile
Emergency Services
Magistrate Charles M. Christner & Magistrate Wayne Vlasic
Flood Control Information
History of Rostraver Township
Westmoreland County Courthouse
Setbacks
Signs
Shed
Westmoreland County Park & Recreation
Any alteration of an historic structure, provided that the alteration will not preclude the structure's continued designation of an historic structure.
Zoning Hearing Board
Apply for permit
HomeHow Do I?RegulationsFlood Control Information
Utilities
                       Rostraver Airport                                         …      724-379-6980/724-379-7100
Stormwater Management
Road Department
Public Nuisances
Recycling/Solid Waste
Westmoreland County Conservation District
Provisions for the exclusion of certain land development from the definition of "land development" contained above only when such land development involves:
Post Offices
          Belle Vernon (Sweeney’s)                  …      724-929-3641
Any project for improvement of a structure to correct existing violations of state or local health, sanitary or safety code specifications which have been identified by the local code enforcement official and which are the minimum necessary to assure safe living conditions; or
Fire Department 3
Administration Department
Recreation Commission
Elected Officials
Dodaro, Matta & Cambest, P.C.Solicitor Joseph Dalfonso                             …      412-243-1600
Fire Departments:
LAND DEVELOPMENT
Library
MS4 2023 Winners
Simple Subdivision Application
Subdivision
Magistrates:
Preliminary Subdivision Form
Department of Environmental Protection
Archived Minutes 2019-1997
School District
        
Voting
Final Subdivision Form
Dye Test/Perk Test
 Reddit
Commercial Recycling Center Only
(2)
Citizen Request Center
Emergency Management
          Collinsburg Vol. Fire Company        …      724-872-8568
Animal Control
Agenda & Minutes
MS4 Storm Sewer Systems
×
see all events
(1)
Close
Office Hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. M-Th                        8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. F
The conversion of an existing single-family detached dwelling or single-family semidetached dwelling into not more than three residential units, unless such units are intended to be a condominium;
Directory
Certified or preliminarily determined by the Secretary of the Interior as contributing to the historical significance of a registered historic district or a district preliminarily determined by the Secretary to qualify as a registered historic district;
Ambulance
