Adams County Emergency Management Office
Fire & Rescue
Antietam Meadow Park
Septic Information
  The Western portion of the Township must be pumped in 2025 and every third year thereafter.
Bids will be opened at the June 5, 2023, Supervisors Meeting. The location of the meeting will be at our new office located at 11798 Buchanan Trail East. All bids being mailed should be sent to our current address 13013 Welty Road. Bids being dropped off should call/email us to first to see which office we are in since we anticipate our move to be the Week of May 29th – June 2nd.
Boards, Commissions, & Committees
Agendas
Washington Township Municipal Complex Information
    page: here
Proposed Plans for the New Washington Township Municiple Building
Local Municipal Government Offices
Wharf Road Construction Update
Antietam Dam Notice
 
Federal Transparency in Coverage Rule
Waynesboro Borough Authority
Quincy Township Offices
Updated Plans for the New Washington Township Municiple Building
THIS INFORMATION CAN CHANGE DAILY
Antietam Watershed Association
BIDS
• For all press releases regarding coronavirus, please visit here.
Special toys or supplies to keep children and pets occupied and busy.
Forms
Board of Supervisors
Right-To-Know
Contact Township
Planning Committee
Appalachian Trail Community:
Other Parks
 The property is large enough to house the Public Works Road Department and is considered for construction later.
when using a credit card
Waynesboro, PA 17268
Message:*
Rouzerville Community Center and Park
Non-Emergency: 717-762-1145
Police
Township CodeCalendar
Information
13013 Welty Rd.
Click here to go to the Franklin County, PA voter information page.
Ferrara Kampstra 2019-2020  
A service fee of 2.65% or $3.00 minimum 
13013 Welty Rd, Waynesboro, PA 17268Phone: (717) 762-3128Fax: (717) 788-0372Mon-Fri 8:00 am - 4:30 pmWTS
		     Public Notices - Washington Township	
Septic Haulers as of March 2022.
Township Villages and Civic Organizations
In Washington Township
LERTA
 13013 Welty Road, Waynesboro, PA 17268
Rouzerville Lions Club Beeping Easter Egg Hunt
Public Notices
Employment Opportunities
   www.patc.net                     www.cvatclub.org
All County Polling Ward Locations
Leave No Trace
Absentee Ballot Information
Ferrara Kampstra 2017-2018    
Meetings
Projects/Recognitions
One gallon of water per person per day;
ACT 44
• Community preparedness and procedures materials are available here.
Calendar of Events
Meeting Minutes & Decisions
Washington 2 — Rouzerville Community Building (Ruritan), 11962 Old Route 16, Rouzerville, PA
2023 Materials Bid2023 Seal Coat Bid2023 Equipment & Labor Bid2023 Traffic Signal
Map of Washington Township
		     Organization Chart & Personnel List - Washington Township	
Refuse Transfer Station

COVID-19 Information
Friends of the Monterey Pass Battlefield
The Trail passes through the eastern portion of Washington Township, crossing six roadways. The road crossings serve as points of access to the Trail in Washington Township. The Trail can also be accessed locally in nearby Pen Mar Park in Washington County, Maryland and several locations in Quincy Township.
Each pumping is good for THREE years with the districts rotating in turn each year.
Pine Hill Recreation Area
Maria Furnace Pass
Real Estate Strategic Analysis: Fort Ritchie, Maryland
Happel’s Meadow Wetlands
Car cell phone chargers or battery packs;
Pat O’Conner Nature Park
Building, Code, Inspection & Zoning
Once the tank has been pumped, the property owner OR the hauler must notify the Township administrative office of the date the tank was pumped and the name of the hauler that pumped the tank.
For more information on the Appalachian Trail, visit these websites: 
Impact Fee Advisory Committee
9-11 Tribute
Administrative Department
Identify locations in both your community and in a nearby town, where you can meet loved ones;
 390 New York Avenue, Chambersburg, PA 17202
County School Districts
Newspapers
General Contact
2023 Events Hosted by ‘The Institute’ at Township Parks
This communication source is not actively monitored.
Washington 3 — Church of the Apostles, 336 Barnett Avenue, Wayne Heights, PA
The Supervisors have contracted with Newcomer Associates in Chambersburg, PA to provide conceptual drawings for the facility.  Preliminary drawings are available below.
Contact Police Department
 (Local EMA Office)
Hamiltonban Township Offices
Meeting Schedules
Updated Coronavirus Links: Press Releases, State Lab Photos, Graphics
Personal Firearm Record
Washington Township Municipal Authority
To view the plan please click here.
Greater Waynesboro PA 
Franklin County Department of Emergency Services
Office Address 
Precinct Location
Ferrara Kampstra 2016-2017
Structure
Governor Wolf’s Administration Encourages Pennsylvanians “Resolve to be Ready”
 
This page will have Franklin County voter information such as polling places, precincts and voter registration.
Washington Township NEW Administrative/ Police Department Office – Coming 2023
Donations to Battlefield
Washington 5 — Waynesboro Bible Church, 8216 Stottlemyer Road, Waynesboro, PA
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP
		   Washington Township - 	
Administrative Hours:Mon – Fri 8:00am – 4:30pm
Padfield said to create an emergency plan, you should:
Subject:*
District #1 – Western Portion – Zullinger and Marsh Road area.
Statistics
Ordinances
Vital medical supplies, hearing aid batteries or other medical equipment and mobility devices you may need;
Agricultural District
Washington Township has two pension plans, the Police Pension Plan for the police officers and the Non-Uniform Pension Plan for all other full-time employees.  Both pension plans are administered by Ferrara Kampstra Company and monies are invested with Charles F, BB&T Bank, Wells Real Estate, and  Ferrara Kampstra Company.  To view Ferrara Kampstra Company’s website,  click here.
Welcome
Please click here for a listing of the PA DEP Registered/Permitted
Contact Washington Township Police Department
Resolutions
Acknowledgement
 23 Carroll's Tract Road, Fairfield, PA 17320
Hand-crank or battery operated flashlights and radio;
(It is Franklin County’s home page for their website.)
Ferrara Kampstra 2015-2016
Administrative Office: 717-762-1447
57 East Main Street, Waynesboro, PA 17268
Eagle Scout Projects
If you have any questions, contact the Township Administrative Office at 717-762-3128.
		     Voter Information - Washington Township	
Red Run Express Details!
Donations
Public Works Department
Red Run Lake
The Institute at Washington Township Parks
Township Service Locations
Certificate of Appreciation/Recognition
		     Septic Information - Washington Township	
• For the daily COVID-19 Report, visit here.
Additional resources, including emergency plan templates and emergency kit checklists, are available on the ReadyPA website. Padfield also encourages social media users to follow PEMA on Facebook and Twitter for timely emergency preparedness information. It’s important to note that you do not need to have a Facebook or Twitter account to access the information.
Annual Reports / Budgets
		     Washington Township Municipal Complex Information - Washington Township	
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT 
       The Eastern portion of the Township must be pumped in 2024 and every third year thereafter.
Septic Tank Pumping Requirements for Property Owners 
Prepared by The Counselors of Real Estate Consulting Corps. October 2013
Lock Crime out of your Home
Home
Federal Emergency Services
History
      The Central portion of the Township must be pumped in 2023 and every third year thereafter.
Last Name:*
State and County Representative Offices
At this time the preliminary plans call for a 12,000 square foot office building that will house the Police Department and Administrative Offices including a public meeting room, the Planning & Zoning Department, the Code Enforcement Officer, Building Inspector and the Tax Office.
Red Run Park
Specialized items such as baby supplies and pet care products;
Adams County Court House, Room 6
Appalachian Trail News – CLICK HERE
To read the article in the Record Herald from 8/28/2020 CLICK HERE
Updated Meeting Schedule 2023 Meeting Schedule Link
Current Pumping Rotation:
* indicates required field
11798 Buchanan Trail East Waynesboro, PA. 17268
		     COVID-19 Information - Washington Township	
13013 Welty Rd, Waynesboro, PA 17268 • Phone: (717) 762-3128 • Fax: (717) 788-0372
Telephone 
Washington Township is accepting bids for the 2023 Materials Bid, Seal Coat Bid, Equipment & Labor Bid and the Traffic Signal & Repair Bid.
Quincy Township, Washington Township, Waynesboro Borough
PenMar Development Corporation
FOR MORE INFORMATION CLICK HERE
First aid kit;
IMMEDIATELY, FROM OLD MILL ROAD TO 
Recycling
The Antietam Humane Society
The Washington Township portion of the trail is located within a two day hike – approximately 30 miles – of the Trail’s midway point and the Appalachian Trail Museum in Pine Grove Furnace State Park.
This notice is posted per Department of Environmental Protection's
Water & Sewer Authorities
BUENA VISTA  DRIVE UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
The Township Supervisors administrative offices mails a notice and reminders each year to the appropriate district property owners, along with a listing of approved haulers – haulers you must use to pump your septic tank.  These approved haulers have been registered with PA DEP and have met all requirements as outlined in Chapter 271-35 of the Code of the Township of Washington.
Website Links
Home Safety Checklist
CLOSED AMSTERDAM ROAD
Neighborhood Crime Watch – What to Observe
Photos at Battle of Monterey Pass
Chapter 105 Dam Safety and Waterway Management  §105.134 (c).
In early July of 2020 Mrs. Alma W. Oyer contacted the Police Chief and asked if we were interested in receiving a 3.27-acre tract of land located in Rouzerville at 11898 Buchanan Trail East.  This is the residue of a property that Mrs. Oyer and her late husband, Nickson W. Oyer had owned for many years. The Oyer family had constructed their Construction Company’s office, W. R. Oyer, Inc. on part of the property and constructed some commercial rental buildings on the remainder.  On July 29th of 2020 Mrs. Oyer graciously donated the property to the Washington Township Supervisors to construct an Office Facility. 
Monterey Park
Washington Township Offices
Comments or questions are welcome.
A copy of this plan, including an inundation map noting areas in
For Emergencies: 911
www.nps.gov/appa/index.htm
(Dam Owner)
Departments
The Appalachian National Scenic Trail is the world famous hiking trail that traverses approximately 2,200 miles from Springer Mountain in Georgia to Mount Katahdin in Maine, passing through 14 states on its route. 
Documents & Forms
Districts and Locations:
Dunlap Family Skate Park
Civil War Trust Park Day 2014
• Photos of the state’s lab in Exton are available for download and use here.
Start of construction is undetermined at this time but the hope would be to start in the spring of 2022.
“The single, most effective way to ensure the safety of your loved ones during an emergency situation is to have a plan,” Padfield said. “Being prepared and knowing ahead of time how to react are critical elements of emergency response training. You can do the same by practicing your plan and having a basic emergency kit.”
Roads
Washington 1 — Church of Transfiguration, 13646 Summit Avenue, Blue Ridge Summit, PA
Organizations
CAPTCHA Code:*
• Find the latest information on the coronavirus here.
Emergency Services
		     Appalachian Trail Information - Washington Township	
Refuse Transfer Station & Recycling Center
Also, check out our Facebook page at:    
Washington Township accepts Cash, Check, & Credit Cards
Organization Chart & Personnel List
• Coronavirus and preparedness graphics are available here near the bottom of the
Identify an out-of-town contact everyone can check in with;
Click here to go to the Franklin County, PA VOTER Registration page.
Washington Township Police
To comply with this regulation in the most efficient manner, Washington Township is divided into three separate districts – Eastern, Central and Western.  Each district has the three-year requirement, but only one district will be pumped each year.
Friends of Monterey Pass
 Click below to view their notice concerning this hazard.
		     Helpful Information and Handouts - Washington Township	
 7575 Mentzer Gap Road, Waynesboro PA 17268
Zoning Hearing Board
First Name:*
Utilities
Copyright © Washington Township, Franklin County, PA.  All rights reserved.
 (County EMA Office)
Wolf Administration Encourages Pennsylvanians to “Resolve to be Ready”by Planning for Emergencies in the New Year
Leonard J. Ferrara Company                                
Parks & Recreation
Voter Information
		     Contact Washington Township Police Department - Washington Township	
Click the Links Below for More InformationWashington Township Ribbon Cutting and Open House Event Details
Name:*
A basic emergency kit should include enough basic supplies to support your loved ones for several days. Padfield said it should include:
Email:*
Events at the Park
Do NOT REPORT CRIMES via this source.
Recycling Permit / Application
Search
Washington 4 — Zullinger Community Center, 4569 Buchanan Trail East, Zullinger, PA
Notices
Have hard copies of lists of phone numbers and other important information such as doctor’s offices as well as copies of important documents; and
PA Department of Environmental Protection has found this dam to be a hazard.
Robbers are Equal Opportunity Criminals
The Transparency in Coverage Rule issued by the federal government requires health insurers and group health plans to provide detailed pricing data for all covered items and services to the public in the form of Machine Readable Files (MRFs). CBC will make this information available through this link: https://capitalbluecross.healthsparq.com/healthsparq/public/#/one/insurerCode=CAPBC_I&brandCode=CAPBC.
Washington Township Polling Place Locations by Precinct
Ferrara Kampstra 2018-2019    
District #3 – Eastern Portion – from Old Forge Road/ Midvale Road east to the Adams County line including the Blue Ridge Summit and Pen Mar areas.
Practice your plan just like you would a fire drill.
Non-perishable food and a manual can opener;
Important Phone Numbers
As the decade draws to a close and millions of Pennsylvanians’ thoughts turn toward the positive changes they want to see in their lives, Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency (PEMA) Director Randy Padfield is encouraging citizens to “Resolve to be Ready” by creating family emergency plans and emergency kits.
Please note, there may be a delay in our response, our goal is to accommodate all emails, however the response times are based on available resources.
Public Inspection at the following Locations:
		     Contact Township - Washington Township	
Text or use social media to let others know you are safe and where you are;
Township Recognition
Phone Number:
By Email
Appalachian Trail Information
https://waynesboroatc.org/
Emergency Management
Helpful Information and Handouts
Property ID Log & Tips
A new facility has been in the focus of the Supervisors for many years and in 2004, the Board of Supervisors decided to construct a temporary office facility at their property at 13013 Welty Road. 
For the most up-to-date information on COVID-19, Pennsylvanians should visit: https://www.pa.gov/guides/responding-to-covid-19/.
The Township as reviewed the documents and determined there were no conflicts of interest.  Click on the links below to view Act 44 submissions:
DIAL 911 FOR EMERGENCY
Renfrew Museum Park
To read the article in Record Herald from 4/28/2022 CLICK HERE
Major Land Developments
		     Information - Washington Township	
Chapter 7-A of Act 44 of 2009 mandates the annual disclosure of certain information by every Contractor which is a party to a professional services contract with one of the pension funds of the Municipality.  Act 44 disclosure requirements apply to Contractors who provide professional pension services and receive payment of any kind from the Municipality’s pension fund. 
Any questions about this issue, contact your local fire company
In accordance with the PA Department of Environmental Protection regulations, Washington Township residents must have their septic tanks pumped every three years by an APPROVED sewage hauler.
Subject to flooding in the event of failure, is available for
District #2 – Central Portion – located along PA Rt. 316 on the west to Old Forge/Midvale Road on the east, including Calimer Drive.
 117 Baltimore Street, Gettysburg, PA 17235
• For an updated map with the number of cases, visit here.
The Greater Waynesboro, PA Appalachian Trail Community
Tax Offices
Administrative Fax: 717-762-9328
Voter Information – Click on link below
  www.appalachiantrail.org
