											Rec Park Board Meeting
					Jul 4 @ 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm
Newly Adopted Ordinances
May
Agendas
Newsletter
16
											Board of Supervisors Work Session
						
Tax Collectionopen dropdown menu
Right-To-Know Request Form
1
Interim Tax Bill
Township Office Closed
 
The Environmental Protection Agency, also referred to as EPA
History of the Township
Email: sharmon@westmanheimtwp.com
Email: hbair@westmanheimtwp.com
Application for Employment
					Jul 4 all-day
Volunteers Needed
Will Fuhrman
Tue
																					
email: police@westmanheimpd.com
Building & Code Enforcement
Employment Posting – – West Manheim Township
Minutes
Park and Recreation Events
Upcoming Events
	Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Email: police@westmanheimpd.com
Vacation Property Check Requests – UNDER CONSTRUCTION
Office Assistant
Building/Utilities
Use Our Contact Forms:
What is MS4?
Levi Rohrbaugh
4
												7:00 pm
SALDOopen dropdown menu
Click here for Planning Commission Agendas
Ordinancesopen dropdown menu
Tonya Bulson
					Jul 6 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm
Do not leave a message at the police station or send an email to report a new or active incident, these are not monitored 24/7 and response to your issue will be significantly delayed.  The best way to reach police if through York County 911. 
Email: mbowersox@westmanheimtwp.com
York Adams Tax Bureau
Library Memorial Fund

Employment Posting
Emergency Mgmt Agencyopen dropdown menu
Contact Usopen dropdown menu
					May 16 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm
											
Services
Contact Us: 2412 Baltimore Pike Hanover, PA 17331
Fee Schedule
All Ordinances
Amber Alert
Zoning Map
Other Utilities
Email: jthornton@westmanheimtwp.com
Homeopen dropdown menu
					Jun 1 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm
PA DEP MS4 Resources can be found here
MS4/Stormwateropen dropdown menu
Parks & Recreation Updates
Events & News
What is Stormwater?
Jennifer Thornton
Email: jswartz@westmanheimtwp.com
					Jun 20 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm
Budgets
Ken Miller
Phone:  (717) 632-0320
Board of Supervisorsopen dropdown menu
Zoningopen dropdown menu
Email: ssmale@westmanheimtwp.com
Parks & Recreationopen dropdown menu
Kevin Mahan
Park Rules, Regulations and Rentals
				Add to Outlook
The Chesapeake Bay Foundation
 
20
FEMA-PEMA Disaster Recovery Assistance
Helpful Links & Information
The Township is seeking volunteers to participate in the update of the Township’s Comprehensive Plan.  The Comprehensive Plan is the Township’s long-range policy plan that establishes the Township’s overall vision along with more detailed goals, objectives, and strategies for the ...Read More123456...9>>
Lower Susquehanna River Keeper
Zoning Applications
												all-day
Information about the Susquehanna River’s importance on the Chesapeake Bay and how Pennsylvania is helping, here
Stormwater Assessment Fee
							Add
6
Utilitiesopen dropdown menu
Welcome to West Manheim Township
Tip Line – UNDER CONSTRUCTION
Fax: (717) 632-2499
The Watershed Alliance of York
onlyraindownthedrain.com
18
Shanna Smale
The Homeowners Guide to Stormwater Management
Public Works Department
Heather Bair
					View Calendar
Hanover, Pa 17331
Contact the Police
YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN WHAT OUR COMMUNITY WILL LOOK LIKE IN THE NEXT 10-15 YEARS!
Ordinance
Construction Materials & Specifications
Mitchel Houser
Administrationopen dropdown menu
12
Employment Posting – Full Time Police Officer
Home
					
On-lot Septic
					Jun 6 @ 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm
Sidebar
West Manheim Township West Manheim Township – York County PA
Board of Supervisors Meeting
Board of Supervisors Work Session
Stormwater Ordinance
Township Treasurer
Fax: 717-633-8042
Building Codes Official
Roadmaster
Contact Us – West Manheim Township
Useful Linksopen dropdown menu
Explanation of Real Estate Taxes
				Add to Google
				Add to other calendar
Historyopen dropdown menu
Helpful Links & Information – West Manheim Township
2412 Baltimore Pike, Suite 300
												6:00 pm
Traffic or Speeding Complaints
Michael Bowersox
			
												2:00 pm
Traffic or Speeding Complaints – UNDER CONSTRUCTION
				Add to Apple Calendar
Paul Hill
The Township Board of Supervisors work sessions are held the 1st Thursday of every month.  The work session will begin at 7:00pm.   Caucus is held at 6:00pm.   Click here for…Read moreBoard of Supervisors Work Session
York County
Township Manager/Zoning Officer
Monthly Reports
Water & Sewer payments
West Manheim Township
Contact the Police – West Manheim Township
Send us a Tip 
Skip to content
Township Secretary
Jennifer Swartz
Suite 300
Contact the Township
York County 911 non-emergency:  717-854-5571
Board of Appeals
            Web development by Axiom WebWorks.
Chesapeake Conservancy – Envision the Susquehanna
Contact the Policeopen dropdown menu
Dean Smith
Planning Commission Meeting
											Township Office Closed
Request for Proposal
E-mail:general@westmanheimtwp.com
Intent to Adopt
Mon
Boards & Commissionsopen dropdown menu
Calendar
Victims Rights
Waste Water
Chuck Baumgardner
Decisions
FAQ
Heritage Committee of West Manhe...
The Board of Auditors
Applications & Forms
open menu
Steve Harmon
Call or Email:
Rec Park Board Meeting
Codes Enforcement/MS4
The Envision the Susquehanna initiative was launched by a core team comprised of the Chesapeake Conservancy, the National Park Service, the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, Susquehanna River Heartland Coalition for Environmental Studies, Susquehanna Greenway Partnership, and the Wildlife Management Institute in 2013. The core team as well as an advisory council of almost 40 organizations have encouraged individuals, community leaders and organizations to describe their vision for the Susquehanna River watershed. This report details the results of the initial planning process and lays out a vision for the future of the Susquehanna River.
West Manheim Township is located in the south west corner of York County Pennsylvania, nestled against the famous Mason-Dixon border. Our growing community of approximately 8,000 residents was founded in the mid-1700’s and officially established as a township by the Commonwealth in February of 1854 by an Act of Assembly of Pennsylvania.  Originally comprised of Pennsylvania Dutch family farms, the area is now growing into a diverse community of quiet, residential neighborhoods, recreational areas, and burgeoning commercial interests.  Presently, the township is made up of 19.9 square miles of land. Within the township, we have two water shed areas which are used as public water sources. West Manheim has 70 miles of road within the township which is maintained by our road crew.  This page has been established to help those interested in learning more about West Manheim Township, as well as to provide information and resources for our residents. For information not found on this page, please contact the Township Office at 2412 Baltimore Pike, Hanover, PA 17331 or phone (717-632-0320) Monday – Friday 8:00 am – 4:00 pm or Fax (717-632-2499) or through the township contact form located here.
					Jun 12 @ 6:00 pm – 7:00 pm
Search
Policeopen dropdown menu
				Export to XML
Library
Jul
Emergency Management Coordinator
Staff Directory – West Manheim Township
Departmentsopen dropdown menu
Heritage Committee
PA Department of Environmental Protection, also referred to as DEP
Thu
Special Needs Registry
											Board of Supervisors Meeting
@ West Manheim Township Building
The Township Board of Supervisors meetings are held the 3rd Tuesday of every month.  The work meeting will begin at 7:00pm.   Caucus is held at 6:00pm.   Click here for Board…Read moreBoard of Supervisors Meeting
					Jun 15 @ 6:00 pm – 7:00 pm
West Manheim Township – West Manheim Township – York County PA
Planning Commissionopen dropdown menu
Megan’s Law
Phone: 717-632-7059
2412 Baltimore Pike
Staff Directory
											Heritage Committee of West Manhe...
Email: phill@westmanheimtwp.com
Audits & Financial Reports
Email: tbulson@westmanheimtwp.com
West Manheim Township – York County PA
Write us:
Zoning Hearing Boardopen dropdown menu
																							@ West Manheim Township Building
Contact Us: Phone: 717-632-7059
Contact Us
External Links
				Add to Timely Calendar
Additional Educational Materials and Volunteer Opportunities can be found at:
Employment Posting –
Request a Vacation Property Check
Jun
					May 18 @ 6:00 pm – 7:00 pm
Police Tip Line
How Can I Help?
Pleasant Hill Fire Department
Comprehensive Plan
15
This guide is intended to help property owners evaluate and assess current runoff pathway on their properties and identify practices to better manage stormwater. The guide outlines several practices to choose from that are fairly simple to plan and construct. All efforts have been made to ensure the material in this guide is accurate and up to date.
											Planning Commission Meeting
Codorus State Park
