Thank you for your understanding. 
York, Pennsylvania
Residential Permits
Planning Commission
Well Span Ambulance Service Taking Over Northeastern Area EMS
© 2023 - East Manchester Township
 Hours: Mon - Fri (8am - 4pm)
Phone: 717-266-4279
In the coming months, you will receive a new membership brochure from WellSpan EMS with details on the program and how to subscribe. Our membership will run July 1, 2023, through June 30, 2024.”
At this time East Manchester Township with intent to be in joint operations with Manchester Borough and Mount Wolf Borough is in search of an Emergency Management Coordinator to graciously volunteer their time and fill the position of EMA Coordinator.
Directions
Northeastern York County Sewer Authority
Mount Wolf, PA 17347
Board of Supervisors
Storm Water Management
2023 SPCA Stray Feline Intake Pathway
Tax Collector – Kathy Emswiler
Police
News
News and Alerts
Concern Form
Recreation Board
Public Works
Posted on: May 4th, 2023                         
Waste and Recycle
8:00 AM to 4:00 PM
The Township Board of Supervisors and staff were recently made aware that Well Span Ambulance Service is taking over Northeastern Area EMS effective May 1, 2023. The township was not involved with this change over and were clued in less than a month before the effective date. 
Department of Environmental Protection Begins 2023 Black Fly Suppression Program
The Northeastern Municipal Area Emergency Management Agency is formed with a group of citizens from East Manchester Township, Manchester Borough and Mt. Wolf Borough who volunteer their time and services to assist professional agencies during an emergency or in a crisis. They are the “customer service” telephone operators that work “behind the scenes” coordinating communication between agencies, assisting in getting the needs to the workers, which may range from fulfilling the needs of getting food and drink to emergency personnel during a lengthy call out or calling to arrange for specialized equipment and supplies needed on site.
                            Tags: DEP                            Posted in Infomation 

To reach the animal control officer, call 911 and ask them to have the animal control officer for East Manchester Twp. call you.
As the York County Planning Commission updates its HazMit Plan in 2023, we need to hear from municipal leaders, local organizations, and residents throughout York County.  High participation and community awareness means your community is better prepared for the next emergency.
Local Services › Animal Control Officer
Fire
“Pennsylvania is full of beautiful state parks, trails and forests. People across the Commonwealth should be able to enjoy nature without this seasonal pest impeding on their time,” said Acting Secretary of DEP Rich Negrin. “Our black fly suppression program ensures safe and effective treatment of the black fly species.”
DEP uses Bti, a naturally occurring bacterium, to treat the larval stage of four specific human pest black fly species. This bacterium degrades quickly in the environment and does not harm the aquatic ecosystem, birds, or other insects.
East Manchester Township 
Zoning Map
                            Tags: Susquehanna Lions Club                            Posted in Infomation 
Recreation
                    Mount Wolf, PA 17347
Hazard Mitigation, HazMit, is action taken to reduce harm before a disaster.  HazMit saves lives, property, and money.
Township Calendar
Other Options:
Resident Flyer
                            Tags: ema, emc, emergency management coordinator, volunteer                            Posted in Emergency, Infomation 
Sewage Enforcement
From DEP Document
 
Susquehanna Lions Club 90th Birthday Celebration – SAVE THE DATE
2023 SPCA Community Cats Flyer
Permits
June 10, 2023 from 12pm – 4pm Rain or Shine
Property Maintenance
Email: emantwp@emanchestertwp.com
Call 911 in the event of an emergency. 
York County Rail Trail Authority
Township Flash Map
Commercial & Industrial Permits
Northeastern Senior Center
Local Links & Resources
East Manchester Township
Home
History
Please bring your own lawn chair
News & Alerts
Engineer
East Manchester Township Address:
This year, 48 rivers and streams spanning more than 1,800 miles will be monitored and treated as needed. Spraying activities will be performed both by helicopter and ground crews. The frequency will depend on weather and biological conditions. Treatments cannot occur during periods of heavy rain or when water levels are high as these conditions lower the effectiveness of the treatment and significantly increase the cost of the control operations.
2023 SPCA Shelter Admissions Policy
Comprehensive Planning
Animal Control Officer
Prior to any spraying activity, DEP notifies county and local emergency management officials. Helicopters can be seen flying over waterways and ground crews using backpack sprayers off bridges and wading in streams conducting control operations on behalf of DEP’s Black Fly Suppression Program. Anyone concerned at the sight of a helicopter or ground personnel is encouraged to call their county emergency management office to verify that a black fly treatment is taking place in their area on that day.
East Manchester Township  | Local Information
Codes & Ordinances
You may contact the SPCA to regarding cats and dogs. See the below helpful flyers and SPCA policy. Thank you. 
Construction & Material Specs
 5080 North Sherman St Ext.
Departments
PUBLIC NOTICE: In need of Emergency Management Coordinator
Boards and Submission Info
Administration
Solicitor
Local Services
                            Tags: York County Hazard Mitigation                            Posted in Emergency, Infomation 
Open Records
Zoning Hearing Board
Harrisburg, PA – The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) began its 2023 Black Fly Suppression Program this week. The program involves aerial and backpack spraying on roughly 1,800 stream miles in 37 counties of the commonwealth.
 In search of Emergency Management Coordinator
If you are interested in assisting with this volunteer service, please contact Township Manager, Kristie Masemer, at 717-266-4279. 
Monday to Friday
York County Hazard Mitigation Update
                            Tags: ambulance, ems, well span                            Posted in Emergency 
Manchester Union Fire Company
Posted on: April 27th, 2023                         
Emergency Management Coordinator
Quick LinksDepartments
 Phone: 717-266-4279 | Fax: 717-266-0429
Posted on: March 20th, 2023                         
York County Mosquito Surveillance Program
Archive
Website by Web Design of York
Sitemap
Local Information
Click here for the Website and Surveys
Posted on: January 6th, 2023                         
Quoted from the Resident Mailer: “If you have a current membership with Northeastern Area EMS which expires on May 31, 2023, WellSpan EMS is extending your coverage until July 31, 2023. At that time, a new membership program will be offered by WellSpan EMS, with a wider service area and affordable rate structure. Rest assured, there will be no lapse in your coverage!
East Manchester Township  | Animal Control Officer
Office Hours: 
Click here for the Invitation
Fees
Posted on: April 14th, 2023                         
Fax: 717-266-0429
Select a page below:
All 72 municipalities in York county are required to participate in updating our HazMit Plan or risk losing opportunities for federal and state funding related to hazard mitigation.
5080 North Sherman Street Extended
Ambulance
