





Welcome Home, West Nottingham Township, Chester County, PA















Welcome Home!










West Nottingham Township 



Visit our "Links" page for information on tax help, saving the bay, recycling, and more!



                    
This website is intended primarily to inform the residents of West Nottingham Township, PA and other interested parties.The Board of Supervisors, or any other municipal officials, are not responsible for any information contained on this website. 







Act 44 Disclosure Form for the West Nottingham Township full-time employee's pension fund can be viewed by clicking here.Click here to send an email to the township.Click here for a list of business hours. 
PENN'S GROVE POD SITE VOLUNTEERSPenn's Grove has been designated as a Point of Dispensing (POD) site in case of a disaster, which would mean dispensing medicine/antidotes to the community and surrounding areas.POD sites are set up all over the county, state and nation. Dispensing medication to the 30,000 plus people of our community is a huge task. Volunteers are needed for all types of duties at the POD site including medical, security, logistics, etc.If you or anyone you are interested in volunteering, please contact Janet Zeis at jzeis@chesco.org.  Training sessions and practice drills will be taking place in the near future. Everyone is welcomed to attend and see the process first hand. This would be a great opportunity to give back to your community and help your fellow mankind in a time of need.More information is available at www.oxrem.org. 
STORM WATER MANAGEMENT ORDINANCEClick here to view the Storm Water Management Ordinance. 
SOUTHERN PINE BEETLE - Forest Insect & Disease Leaflet 49, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest ServiceFor information on the Southern Pine Beetle, click here. 
Union Fire Company No. 1 Seeks VolunteersThere are several ways to help serve the Union Fire CompanyNo. 1, with positions available that are perfect for YOU!  By joiningour team, you'll help make us stronger and your community safer.Opportunities include:•     Firefighters: Help save lives and protect property in your community. In the exciting world of firefighting you'll learn to do things like advance a hose line, perform search-and-rescue operations, and position ladders strategically. We'll give you the training and equipment needed to stay safe and keep others safe too.•     EMTs: Help save lives by transporting the sick and injured to the hospital. You'll be there to respond to specialized calls like auto accidents, carbon monoxide alarms and other rescue calls. Again, training and equipment will be provided.•     Fire Police: Help keep an emergency situation safe by directing traffic and crowds and providing general assistance to other first responders.•     Junior Firefighters: Gain experience around a fire house as a teen, lend a hand and begin fire training that will prepare you to become a full member at 18 years old.•     Administrative volunteers: Non-emergency volunteers play a huge role. They help teach fire safety, assist in fundraising events, help with bookkeeping, human resources, website maintenance and other duties. Whatever your skill set, we can use it!For more information visit www.oxfordfire.com or www.helpfightfire.com, or contact us at membership@oxfordfire.com or 610-932-2411 
 NOW ACCEPTING CREDIT/DEBIT CARD PAYMENTSAND E-CHECKS FOR REAL ESTATE AND PER CAPITATAX PAYMENTSNow you can pay your Township Real Estate and Per Capita Taxes from the comfort of your home or office by using our online payment service. Credit cards accepted: MasterCard, Discover, American Express or Visa. A per transaction service fee of 2.65% or $3.00 minimum (which ever is greater) will be charged by MuniciPay, the payment processing company, for this service.In addition to credit card payments, we also accept electronic check payments using our online payment service. Payments will be charged to your checking or savings account at your bank. You will need your 9-digit routing number, as well as your account number from your personal checks (see example below). A per transaction service fee of $1.50 will be charged by the payment processing company for this service.IMPORTANT: When Payment Options appears, click on the “Switch to Pay with Check” link and then continue entering your information.Click the "PAY YOUR BILL ONLINE" button to pay by credit or debit card or by check. 
  




