







West Cocalico | TOWNSHIP








































































About Us
Common resources

Sewage Systems
Snow Removal
Stormwater Management
Newsletter
Helpful Links


Publications and Forms

Building Permits
Zoning
Drinking Water Quality Report
Ordinances
Right to Know


Government

Authority
Meeting Minutes
FAQ
FAQ
Boards & Commissions
Supervisors Meeting Minutes


 


Select Page


  
 
 










































Serving & Supporting

The community








WELCOME TO WEST COCALICO







Online  payment






Water / Sewer payment






Zoning ordinances & codification






Zoning Map






Agenda  & Minutes








SPOTLIGHT



West Cocalico Township ranked #70 in the SAFEWISE Top 100 Safest Small Towns in the United States Report.

In short, West Cocalico Township is one of the safest towns in the United States according to the FBI. The ranking is determined by using FBI crime statistic data. The FBI data was used to calculate the ranking metric: the number of violent crimes per 1,000 residents.






MEMORIAL DAY PARADE
The Schoeneck Veterans Memorial Association will host its annual Memorial Day event on Monday May 29, 2023. The day begins at 8:15 AM when parade participants begin lining up at the Schoeneck Fire Hall parking lot.  Parade step off is at 9:00 AM sharp with parade participants following a route throughout Schoeneck streets, and ending at the Veterans Memorial (Schoeneck Park entrance on West Queen Street).
This year our program highlights two long-standing members of the SVMA…..Robert Eberly and Clair Bard. Both men served in Vietnam, returned to the Schoeneck area, and continue to serve their community and SVMA as active members. Told in their own words, you will find their stories compelling and thought provoking. At the conclusion of the program, a free luncheon will be served at the Schoeneck Fire Company pavilion.
Additional information:

Monetary prizes will be awarded to parade participants in a variety of categories.
Pastor Lyle from Wiest Church will offer opening and closing prayers.
Macey Webber (daughter of Schoeneck native, Andrea Wealand Webber and Nate Webber, Denver, PA native) will sing the Star Spangled Banner.
The Heidelberg Band will provide patriotic music during the parade and at the ceremony.
We urge those attending to bring lawn chairs for seating at the Memorial.
Inclement weather…parade will be cancelled. The Memorial ceremony and luncheon will be held indoors at Mellinger’s Lutheran Church beginning at 10:00 AM

THE SVMA INVITES ALL TO ATTEND OUR PATRIOTIC AND COMMUNITY-WIDE EVENT AS WE HONOR PAST AND PRESENT SERVICE MEN AND WOMEN.



 

Avian Flu Quarantine
The PA Dept of Agriculture recently put together a summary regarding the Avian Flu in Quarantine Areas.  
West Cocalico Township is in the quarantine area. 
Quarantine Area Summary



SEWER PLANT INFORMATION
We are receiving quite a few questions in regards to the new sewer plant.
If you are already connected to the sewer, you do not need to pay the tapping fee.
The fee is only for new connections.
The sewer will be extended along Route 897 from 425 to 830 W Route 897, to 85 to 165 S Blainsport Road, to 45 to 105 N Windy Mansion Road, to 35 to 75 Rose Drive, to 80 to 140 Blue Lake Road, to 5 to 14 Swamp Church Road, to 105 to 390 Galen Hall Road, to 100 to 285 Resh Road
Everyone who will be required to connect have received letters from the Authority letting them know about the new sewer plant, about the cost of tapping fees, about financial assistance that is available to help them pay the tapping fees and that they will be required to connect already.
Plumbers who provide service in West Cocalico Township
Financial Assistance is available to help with costs associated with connecting to the sewer:
1.  USDA Rural Development – https://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-housing-programs/single-family-housing-repair-loans-grants
2.  PHFA – https://www.phfa.org/programs/repairs.aspx
 
 
 

REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS DOCUMENT WEST COCALICO WATER AUTHORITY

West Cocalico Act 44 2022 Approved and Signed







Latest
News






Draft Agenda - 5/16/23
May 15:
May152023 Draft Agenda - 5/16/23 


read more






Authority Minutes 4/11/23
May 10:
May102023 Authority Minutes 4/11/23 


read more



More news



UPCOMING
Events




Date/Time
Event




May 16 Tue


Board of Supervisors Meeting

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Township Meeting Room, Reinholds Pa



May 24 Wed


Park Board Meeting

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Township Meeting Room, Reinholds Pa



Jun 1 Thu


Board of Supervisors Meeting

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Township Meeting Room, Reinholds Pa



See all events





West Cocalico, PA
@WestCocalicoTownship

 


Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar








Stormwater Lesson For Kids
Freddy the Fish teaches kids about what happens to rain after it hits the ground, where storm drains lead to, and what we can do to help prevent water pollution.

Watch video







 












Quick linksOnline Payment
Water Sewer payment
Zoning Ordinances & Codification
Zoning Map
Contact us
717-336-8720
Office hours: 
Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
 
 


 



Copyright © 2022 West Cocalico Township. All Rights reserved.  






























