







Dennison Township, Luzerne County PA

































                Call
 



                Map
 



                Hours
 





              Home

            





              Fire Company

            





              Planning/Zoning

            





              Calendar

            





              Documents

            











Open Records Request Form


PDF



    Please fill out this form to request Open Records documents from Open Records Officer Kathleen Stortz.
  
Download "auth_form.pdf"






Office Hours

	  The office is open on the 2nd and 4th Saturday of the month, from 10 a.m. to noon.
	





Meetings

	  Meetings are held at 6 p.m. the first Wednesday of the month at the Township Building. Remaining dates for 2022 areNovember 2December 7
	










Amended Zoning Ordinance now online

	  The current Zoning Ordinance with amendments is now available for download on the Documents page.
	





New Ordinances Now Available

	  The new Dennison Township Zoning Ordinance, SALDO, and Stormwater Management Ordinances are now available to download from the Documents page.
	










Recycling Now In Dennison Township



 



		    Residents can now recycle in a single stream, in bins at the Dennison Township Fire House.
		  











Comprehensive Plan completed


PDF



    The Dennison Township Comprehensive Plan, as adopted in 1988, has been updated by the Board of Supervisors.
  
Download "COMPREHENSIVE PLAN.pdf"











Dennison Township Newsletter


PDF



    Download your copy of the first Dennison Township newsletter here, and find out what's been happening in the township!
  
Download "2015 Dennison Twp Newsletter - 4pg Letter.pdf"











Here's How It Works!



 



		    Recycling is simple with single stream recycling.
		  











Open Records Officer

	  Kathleen Stortzdennisontwp@verizon.net 
	





Tax Collector

	  Victoria Giovannuccivickig@pa.metrocast.net











Board of Supervisors

	  Bruce Thomas, ChairSheila Weaver, Vice-ChairMichael Mack
	










Secretary/Treasurer

	  Kathleen "Stevie" Stortz
	










Roadmaster

	  Jim Yackiel
	














About  Dennison Township

  Dennison Township is a municipality of 1,125 residents covering 34.8 square miles in southern Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. A three-member board of supervisors is elected to oversee township business. An appointed secretary/treasurer and road crew provide township services. Public safety is provided by the Dennison Township Volunteer Fire Company, and police protection is provided by contract with White Haven Borough.



Information:


          76 Walnut Street
          White Haven,
          PA
          18661
      

          Phone:
            570-443-8190




Map

           | 
          Hours


Meetings: 1st Wednesday of the month, 6 p.m.Office Hours:2nd & 4th Saturday of the month, 10 a.m.-Noon








	Dennison Township • Luzerne County • local government



								Copyright ©2023 Dennison Township. All Rights Reserved.
Designed by Journal Newspapers











              Home

            





              Fire Company

            





              Planning/Zoning

            





              Calendar

            





              Documents

            
















