


Paint Township





Home
About Us
Feedback Form
Fill-in Forms
Useful Links
Police
Emergency Management
Tax Collector
Planning Commission
Codes
Engineering Firm
Public Works
Minutes
Maps
Ordinances
SewerStormwater




Paint
Township
Somerset County
1741 Basin Drive
Windber, PA 15963

Dear
Residents & Tax Payers
We, the Board of Paint
Township Supervisors, welcome you and are pleased to provide you with
this informative
Web-site. We hope this information will provide you with a useful
reference and summary of the Township of Paint and the services
provided by the Township.

Welcome,
Richard Shaffer, ChairmanJoanne C. Wright, Secretary-TreasurerFrank Meyers, Vice Chairman

Township
Government
The
Township of Paint is governed by three supervisors who are elected
by voters.  The Township Supervisors are elected to six-year
terms. Terms are staggered so that at no time is the board
completely new and inexperienced.  The Supervisors determine
municipal policy, enact
laws and the budget, pay bills, establish tax rates, execute contracts
and appoint Township officials.Main Office
Office
hours are Monday through Friday 8 AM to 4 PM excluding holidays.
 
Wendy
Senior, Office SecretaryPhone: 814 467-8296Fax:
    814 467-6679Corona Virus InformationPaint Township Issued a Declaration of Disaster EmergencyPaint
Township issued a Declaration of Disaster Emergency 3/20/2020 in
response to the COVID-19 outbreak. While we are not aware of any known
cases of COVID-19 in Paint Township, the primary aim of the Declaration
is to be proactive, reduce the potential severity of this outbreak and
to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the residents. Please
visit the Websites listed below for information regarding the Corona
Virus.It is noted that the Declaration of Disaster
Emergency resolution dated March 20, 2020 relative to the Corona Virus will
expire on May 31, 2021. Centers for Disease Control and PreventionCorona Virus Fact SheetPA Department of Health
We at Paint Township want to share our concern and plans with our residents
during the COVID-19 outbreak. The below information is a guideline we were
provided and want to pass on. The governor’s proclamation directed governments
across all levels to continue to provide essential services. The Pennsylvania
State of Association of Township Supervisors (PSATS) recommends that township
government remain open for business and functional, but may restrict access.
Townships should practice social distancing and limit or cease offering
non-essential services and events. Limit visitors by providing services online
and on the phone, all bills to be paid at a drop box or behind a window, or
provide other means to do business with the township without personal contact.
 While township government should remain open for business, where
appropriate and possible, employees could be allowed to work from home. PSATS
will continue to provide guidance for its members on this issue. Should there
be any change in the current situation Paint Township will keep residents
updated through the townships website and Nextdoor. Please practice proper hand
hygiene, stay home if you are sick and keep a social distance to keep the virus
from spreading. Please reach out to your neighbors and check on elderly family
members who may need a helping hand. Thank you.



Paint Township Supervisors 


Documents
All
documents are in PDF format. Adobe Acrobat Reader is required to
view documents. Click graphic below to download the free Reader.



 

A Private Social Network For Your Neighborhood: NextdoorNextdoor is being used by the Paint Township Community and the Division of
Emergency Management to facilitate virtual neighborhood watch and foster neighbor-to-neighbor communications.Nextdoor is
a tool for us to effectively share information on crime prevention and
safety, public events and emergency notifications. You can expect to
receive local updates from the Division of Emergency Management on Nextdoor.
Please be assured that your website remains private. Paint Township
staff will NOT be able to see any of the content on your neighborhood
website except for the direct replies to our posts.Please be aware that Nextdoor
is not the appropriate way to request emergency services, police
services, report criminal or suspicious activity, file a report, etc.
If you require emergency services, please call 911.We look forward to connecting with you on Nextdoor to build stronger, safer neighborhoods throughout Paint Township.Townships Today Newsletter You
can help local families keep their kids safe online by sharing the
latest issue of Townships Today with them. We're
featuring tips and strategies for youngsters to help them be smart
whens using and sharing information on social media. Click here for PDF download of newsletter.
Township Meetings For 2022
Click
here
for a document listing the 2022 Meeting Dates.  Complaint Form
Click here for a
Paint Township Complaint Form.Comments and
Suggestions
Your
 comments  and  suggestions  to
 improve
 our  site are always welcome.  Let us know
what you
think of the site by filling out the Feedback form to our
web master.Dedication
to Serve in times of Crisis
Joanne Wright
is also trained as an Initial Damage Reporter for the Township. Click here
to view Initial
Damage Reporting certificate from the Pennsylvania Emergency
Management Agency.

Click here
to view Introduction
To The Incident Command System.
Click here to view An Introduction To The
National Incident Management System.State Office Of Open Records
Office of
Open Records
Commonwealth Keystone Building, 400 North St., Plaza Level
Harrisburg, PA 17120-0225
Phone: 717 346-9903
Web site: http://openrecords.state.pa.us
E-mail: openrecords@state.pa.us


Open Records Point of Contact and Policy
Joanne Wright is the Right To Know officer.
Click here
for policy
and public record request form.
Use the Office
of Open Records Request form. 





Home 
|  About Us 
| 
Feedback Form | 
Fill-in Forms  | 
Useful Links  |
 Police
 |  Emergency
Management  |  Tax
Collector  |  Planning
Commission  |  Codes
 |  Engineering
Firm  |  Public
Works  |  Minutes
 |  Maps
 |  Ordinances  |
 Sewer  |   Stormwater   
