



















Cranberry Township - Official Website | Official Website







 















Skip to Main Content








Loading









                Loading
            


Do Not Show Again
Close






























 















 






  
 
 


GovernmentDepartmentsCommunityBusinessServicesHow Do I?


 

 

 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 


  
 











Search






 
 
 



































 














	Latest News
 






  
 














Golf Course Bridge Dedicated to Hadley 


Dick Hadley's pride and dedication to making the Township a better place lives on in perpetuity at Cranberry Highlands Golf Course, where the cart path bridge was officially dedicated in Hadley’s name on May 12.						Read on...







Memorial Day Ceremony Set May 28 


Cranberry’s annual Memorial Day remembrance ceremony will once again honor those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice.						Read on...







Grants Support Fire Safety Education Training 


The Cranberry Township Volunteer Fire Company’s efforts to keep the community safe received financial support from two regional entities.						Read on...







Martinis with Monet Tickets Now Available 


Martinis with Monet is set from 7-9 p.m. Wednesday, July 12 at the Municipal Center.						Read on...







Event Aims to Replace Worn License Plates 


State Rep. Stephenie Scialabba will host a Hard-to-Read License Plate event from 2-4 p.m. Friday, June 2 at the Cranberry Township Police Department, 2525 Rochester Road.						Read on...







Girl Scouts Honored with State Award 


A commitment to service from Girl Scout Troop #20546 took center stage during the April 27 Board of Supervisors meeting, with the Board acknowledging the Troop’s Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors (PSATS) Youth Award victory.						Read on...







Keep it Clean: Grant to help cover recycling cart expense 


The Township’s mission to reduce, reuse, and recycle also includes the very carts that hold those items.						Read on...







Progress on Progress: Agreements move road project forward 


There’s progress being made on a long-awaited project at a busy Township intersection.						Read on...







Board Meeting Canceled 


The regular Board of Supervisors meeting scheduled for Thursday, May 4 has been canceled.						Read on...







Registration Open for Community Chase 5K Run/Walk 


The annual Community Chase 5K Run/Walk, held in conjunction with Cranberry Township Community Chest’s Community Days celebration, is set for 8:30 a.m. Saturday, July 15.						Read on...







Hydrant Flushing to Begin 


Water going down the drain over the next few months is helping keep Cranberry’s water supply flowing cleanly.						Read on...







Courts Closed During Upgrade Project 


Work to upgrade sports courts at UPMC Passavant Sportsplex at Graham Park is set to begin March 13.						Read on...







Sponsors, Vendors Sought for Community Days 


The biggest event of the summer is taking shape in Cranberry Township, and you can be a major part of it.						Read on...







View All News >




/CivicAlerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














	Events & Activities
 






  
 










May
16						


Primary Election

Read On






May
22						


Library Board Meeting

Read On






May
25						


Board of Supervisors Meeting

Read On






May
27						


Waterpark Opening Day!

Read On






May
28						


VFW Memorial Day Event

Read On






May
29						


Memorial Day

Read On




View All Events >




/Calendar.aspx


 
 
 

 














	Stay Connected
 






  
 
 










    





 
 
 



 














Property Finder








What Are They Building?










 
 














Online Portal








ECODE 360










 
 
 



 














Contact Us








Notify Me








Payments








Employment










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







Contact Us







Cranberry Township Customer ServiceMonday - Friday, 7:30 AM - 5:00 PM2525 Rochester Road Suite 400 Cranberry Township, PA  16066-6499Phone: 724-776-4806 Contact Us
 






  
 







Quick Links







Bill Payment Options



Building Permits



Monitor Water Usage



Property Finder



Waste Collection









/QuickLinks.aspx



 
 







Site Links







Home



Site Map



Accessibility



Copyright Notices



Employee Access









/QuickLinks.aspx



 
 













 
 
 



 







Government Websites by CivicPlus®







 
 
 










 
 
 



 














SERVICES








PUBLIC SAFETY










 
 














PARKS & REC








GOLF COURSE










 
 














LIBRARY








BUSINESS










 
 
 























Arrow Left



Arrow Right





[]



Slideshow Left Arrow





Slideshow Right Arrow













Microsoft Forms

















Loading…






